a national weeklong terror drill began in Seattle and an industrial lot in the city .
Straun with smashed cars , buses and other debris representing the hypothetical damage from a fan that sized radioactive dirty bomb .
The test designed to measure the responsiveness of emergency workers to a terrorist attack .
It 's been a year and a half since a series of anthrax attacks killed five people .
No one has ever been arrested in connection with that case and the FBI is considering draining a Maryland pond relating to evidence for those unsolved attacks .
Kelli arena reports .
reporter : The FBI 's interest in this state park in Maryland dates back to last December .
Officials got a tip back then that someone may have dumped equipment into one of the park 's ponds .
Officials say they found the tip significant because the pond is about ten miles from Fort Dietrick where the army experimented with anthrax .
Agents searched the area at least four times since then .
The mayor says the FBI is now considering draining one of the ponds .
The police chief dine is in regular contact with the FBI .
there are a number of facets to this investigation .
It 's very , very significant .
After all , it is a murder investigation .
Multiple Murder Investigation , so I 'm sure there are a number of avenues that they 're looking into .
reporter : According to government sources , agents in December found a large plastic enclosed container with large openings on the side .
Officials say there is no evidence connecting anything found in the park to anthrax or the anthrax attacks .
Nor is there any evidence linking any individual to the deadly anthrax ledders .
The FBI has said nothing publicly about anyone it may be investigating , but Attorney General John Ashcroft did refer publicly to Steven Hatfield , a former researcher as a person of interest .
He 's repeatedly proclaimed his innocence and the spokesman told CNN - well , the FBI can drain the Pacific Ocean but they wo n't find any evidence that he was involved with the attacks because he had nothing to do with the anthrax attacks at all .
reporter : Investigators involved this case clearly frustrated .
18 months later , still not one single arrest for those attacks that killed five people and sickened 13 others .
Lou ? Kelly , where does this investigation on Hatfield stand ? I mean , we have rather I ca n't think of another case like it .
We 've got rather public statements by law enforcement officials saying that he is the suspect that they think he 's the Guy Athen we have denial and then we have this stuff .
It 's really really extraordinary .
reporter : Well , the Attorney General has been the only person that has even mentioned Steven Hatfield 's name publicly and he called him a person of interest .
Not a suspect .
But Watching Larry King last night about the BTK killer and something just seems off about the whole thing .
I do n't understand were n't prints taken , etc ? they have witnesses and I feel they have a whole lot more stuff .
What about prints , DNM taken off of current envelopes , etc. , he sent ? I ~ know ~ and realize how difficult it is to get these serial killers , but still .
An author plugging his book on LK claims and with a good bit of blow that the investigation was / is as big as Kennedy 's .
Really ? I do n't know , still feel something 's off .
Jeanne Okay , I give up .
What 's the BTK killer ? joy A serial killer in Wichita , Kansas who killed at least 8 people in the ' 70s and ' 80s. BTK stands for bind , torture , and kill .
He sent several letters to the police and the media during that time .
And now he is communicating with them again , sending tokens from his victims .
Or someone is playing a big hoax .
I 've wondered too , with all the forensic advances in the past 25 years why he has n't been identified .
Here 's a link .
Sue D .
You do well to wonder why the BTK killer was not captured until yesterday .
The informal speculation is that the Wichita police department was not up to the task .
Consider this : One of the BTK killer 's victims lived on the same street as the killer The BTK killer once called up a police dispatcher and told her of the crime he just committed , and still they could not catch him the BTK killer was a known nitpicker and nuissance .
This is actually a indicator in profiles of serial killers and mastermind terrorists. the BTK killer was only found out when his daughter recognized certain traits and turned in her DNA , which was a close match to the DNA on file for her father .
Like in the case of the Unibomber , if it was n't for the foresight and charity of a relative , the BTK killer would still be loose .
I was once reading how a criminal was being tracked in Washington , DC , and how he escaped a police dragnet several times , once by taking a taxi .
Though there are very brave police , to a large extent the police have no incentive to capture a criminal , just to stay out of harm 's way and to collect facts after the fact .
The rich hire private security for a reason -- public security is often inadequate .
RL What does BTK stand for ? I read the article in the newspaper this morning and no where did it answer that question .
( And it 's probably so obvious I will slap the side of my head when I find out .
) Joan I think it 's Bind , Torture and Kill .
Or something like that .
John P ____________________________ Where am I going ? And what am I doing in this Handbasket ? ____________________________ I believe Bind Torture Kill = BTK .
My point about taking so long ... for thirty years people did n't feel safe .
The LE has an obligation to keep safe .
I bet the neighbors are going through hell .
Jeanne PRAGUE , June 9 ( Xinhua ) Czech President Vaclav Klaus on Monday appointed Miroslav Kostelka as the country 's new defense minister to replace Jaroslav Tvrdik who resigned from the post in late May .
The decision was made in response to the recommendation of Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla .
Kostelka , 52 , was first deputy defense minister and an ex general .
At the end of last month , Tvrdik submitted his resignation in protest against planned cuts in defense spending as part of the government 's finance reforms .
Under the planned package of public finance reforms , only 2.05 percent of the country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) will be allocated for the defense budget .
Tvrdik said the military reform could not be completed thoroughly with so little money .
Tvrdik , who took over the defense ministry in May 2001 , also announced that he would quit his post in the parliament and give up his position in the ruling party Social Democrats .
Prime Minister Spidla said Monday that the ongoing military reform should continue , with regard to the government 's planned public finance reforms .
The appointment marked the second change of the cabinet post since the Spidla-led government came into power in July 2002 .
In 1860 there was a four-way race between the Republican Party with Abraham Lincold , the Democratic Party with Stephen Douglas , the Southern Democratic Party with John Breckenridge , and the Constitutional Union Party with John Bell .
Lincoln won a plurality with about 40 % of the vote .
WI it was only a two-way race between Lincoln and Douglas ? I believe Douglas would have won .
This would have delayed secession and the Civil War .
machiave ... @ aol.com ( Machiavegli ) wrote in " One feature of the result must not be omitted .
Many careless observers felt at the time that the success of Lincoln was due entirely to the fact of there having been three opposing candidates in the field ; or , in other words , to the dissensions in the Democratic party , which divided its vote between Breckinridge and Douglas .
What merely moral strength the Democratic party would have gained had it remained united , it is impossible to estimate .
Such a supposition can only be based on the absence of the extreme Southern doctrines concerning slavery .
Given the presence of those doctrines in the canvass , no hypothesis can furnish a result different from that which occurred .
In the contest upon the questions as they existed , the victory of Lincoln was certain .
If all the votes given to all the opposing candidates had been concentrated and cast for a 'fusion ticket , ' as was wholly or partly done in five States , the result would have been changed nowhere except in New Jersey , California , and Oregon ; Lincoln would still have received but 11 fewer , or 169 electoral votes -- majority of 35 in the entire electoral college .
" Abraham Lincoln , A History , Volume 2 by John George Nicolay and John Hay See for a confirmation of the electoral arithmetic : the states where Lincoln got an abolute majority of the popular vote ( i.e. , all the free states except Oregon , California , and New Jersey ) were sufficient to bring him a majority in the Electoral College .
The reason that Lincoln could get an electoral majority with only forty percent of the popular vote was not that his opposition was divided but that he had far fewer " wasted " votes than his opponents -- in ten southern states he got no popular votes at all .
It can of course be argued that the candidate of a united anti-Lincoln opposition might have done better than all the OTL anti-Lincoln candidates combined , because the mere fact of the divided nature of Lincoln 's opposition might have discouraged anti-Lincoln men and led to fewer of them voting than would otherwise be the case .
But given that turnout was quite high in 1860 , I doubt this .
One thing seems reasonably clear to me : if there was to be a united anti Lincoln opposition , Douglas could not lead it .
He was hated too much in the South for his opposition to the admission of Kansas as a state under the pro-slavery Lecompton Constitution and for his interpretation of Dred Scott as still allowing territories to exclude slavery through unfriendly local legislation .
( See for Douglas 's defense of his position .
) He and Breckinridge and Bell would have to withdraw in favor of a compromise candidate -- former governor Horatio Seymour of New York was one proposal .
But I doubt that Seymour would have been able to do better than all the combined OTL anti-Lincoln candidates in such close states as Illinois and Indiana And his own state of New York was not really close enough for me to believe he could have taken that state from the Lincoln column .
David Tenner dten ... @ ameritech.net Whether it was Lincoln vs. Douglas or Lincoln vs. Fusion Candidate , would n't a candidate having won the Electoral College vote with only 40 % of the popular vote have provoked protests anyhow ? Joseph T Major SEOUL , April 29 ( AFP ) South Korea 's ruling party is facing an internal reformist call for dissolving itself to create a new group after a humiliating defeat at last week 's by-elections , party officials said Tuesday .
The ruling Millennium Democratic Party ( MDP ) , founded by former president Kim Dae-Jung , has suffered declining popularity since President Roh Moo-Hyun took office in February .
A group of 18 reformist MDP lawmakers , mostly Roh 's confidants , demanded late Wednesday that the party be " constructively dissolved " to create a new grouping , MDP officials said .
But the established MDP leadership has opposed the sudden overhaul , they added .
Reformist MDP members , however , vowed to launch a preparatory committee next month and to make " tangible progress " in the process of forging a new party .
The internal dispute erupted after the MDP lost three parliamentary seats in Thursday 's by-elections .
The opposition Grand National Party ( GNP ) took two of the National Assembly seats while a splinter reformist party got the third .
With the latest wins , the GNP increased its majority in the 272-seat National Assembly to 153 seats against 101 for the MDP .
General elections are due in April next year .
there is a lady by the name of Irene Sokolas that is selling on Ebay under VARIOUS names .
She is saying she 's a member of the UACC .
She is selling FORGERIES .
I have contacted the UACC and told them about it so they can check the auctions ( she 's been doing this a long time ) and to tell me if she 's actually a registered member .
I would suggest everyone read the body of the entire item they 're bidding on .
EVERYTHING .
If you see her name , stay clear .
No matter WHICH ID she 's using .
Also , I have seen in the past , others reselling items usuing her COA 's .
Be careful .
I am miffed the UACC would not check into people before allowing them to be members if in fact she is a member .
But I will reserve judgement till they respond .
This makes one really skeptical .
But if you see a UACC member on Ebay , do n't automatically assume they are legit .
Contact the UACC before buying and ask if they are a member .
If you suspect something is fake , do not take it for granted it 's legit because a UACC number is attached to it .
In cases where the member claims and IS a UACC member , still question and then if you suspect there are a number of fakes by that person , do NOT hesitate to let the UACC and Ebay know .
Hope I spared someone here of potential grief and saved someone some money ! Ooops ; spelling of ladies last name was off .
It 's : Sorokos The only thing that being a UACC member means is that they paid membership dues .
It does n't make them honest sellers .
UACC registered dealers are more carefully checked out and should be considered to be honest .
Of course , there are exceptions to everything .
Here is a link to the list of UACC registered dealers : Hi , Judy .
Thank you very much .
As of an hour or so ago , we got word from the battlefield that U.S. forces were just 15 miles away from the southern edge of Baghdad .
And they may be even closer right now .
The toughest fight , though , may lie ahead in the heart of the Iraqi capital .
Pentagon sources say the first phase of the final push into Baghdad is now under way .
U.S. - led forces were able to press farther north after defeating Iraqi Republican Guard units at Karbala and Kut ( ph ) .
Our embedded reporters say the two-pronged advance appears to be moving faster than commanders expected .
The Pentagon says two of the Republican Guard divisions defending Baghdad are no longer credible forces .
Scenes from Najaf may also be bolstering the troops ' spirit .
Iraqis who initially were cautious when U.S. forces arrived in Najaf ended cheering them on , shaking their hands and patting their backs .
U.S. Army 's 7th Cavalry is in the forefront of U.S. troops since they first left Kuwait and crossed directly into the Iraqi desert .
Our Walter Rodgers is embedded with the unit 's 3rd Squadron , which is leading the 3rd Infantry Division 's march toward the Iraqi capital .
Throughout the day , as the U.S. Army 7th Cavalry punched northward in the general direction of Baghdad , we have seen huge convoys of supply troops moving ever northward .
Indeed , all the arrows on the Army 's map seem to be pointing in the direction of the southern suburbs of Baghdad .
Earlier in the day , the 1st Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division took Karbala with a minimum of fight .
And then the 3rd Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division secured the town of Karbala .
Additionally , the 7th Cavalry has pushed onward in the general direction of Baghdad .
Yesterday we were about 50 miles from the southern suburbs of Baghdad .
We have perhaps have that distance .
Throughout the day , we have watched the 3rd Infantry Division bring in prisoners of war .
Iraqi soldiers glad the war is over for them , perhaps 100 at a time .
There were times when the 7th Cavalry itself got into some skirmishes as it pushed forward , again in the direction of Baghdad .
There was a bit of a firefight when the 7th Cavalry came upon three Soviet vintage 20 millimeter anti-aircraft guns , ack-ack guns .
The Iraqi unit in possession of those guns fired mortars in the direction of the 7th Cavalry .
The Apache troop opened its tank guns , opened its own mortars , decimated that unit , put it out of existence and probably killed some 20 Iraqis in the process .
This as it continues to push ever closer towards the southern suburbs of Baghdad .
Walter Rodgers , CNN , with the U.S. 7th Cavalry in the Iraqi desert .
And it 's a similar story from CNN 's Karl Penhaul who is now just miles from the southern outskirts of the Iraqi capital .
He 's embedded with the U.S. Army 's 11th Attack Helicopter Regiment .
Here 's his report just filed a few minutes ago .
The speed as they push to Baghdad seems to have gathered pace overnight and in the course of this morning .
In fact , it 's going much faster than many of the U.S. commanders on the ground predicted .
The intensity it 's very quick moving , very fluid battle .
The armor , and mechanized infantry , and artillery pieces and personnel on the ground are moving at rapid speeds .
Overnight and early this morning , the tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles of the 3rd Infantry Division backed by the Apache attack helicopters of the 11th Aviation Regiment punched through the Republican Guard defenses in and around Karbala .
They were then able to advance far north of that city and , as we speak , U.S. commanders tell me that elements of the 3rd Infantry Division are now literally just a few miles from Baghdad .
let 's talk about fidelity actually shifting some name brand funds into no loads .
reporter : It means it is going to be less expensive to get into some of the mutual funds , some of the biggest , by fidelity .
Fidelity is going to get rid of the 3 % upfront sales charge on five of its largest funds .
That does include the Magellan Fund which is its biggest .
Contra Fund and low-priced Stock Funds Charges are going to be canceled as well .
Magellan and new millennium are closed to new investors .
Current investors are not going to be charge Peoria Police Department they are trying to take advantage of investor 's renewed interests to buy stock .
Many investors show away from funds that include a low or fee .
That load or fee was already waived .
Now , as far as what is going on here on Wall Street .
Some renewed interest in buying this afternoon .
Stocks modestly higher .
Of course everyone is more or less waiting for the Fed decision on interest rates .
We 're going to get that tomorrow .
Wall Street expects the Central Bank to cut rates .
Technology stocks holding near the break even line .
There was a warning from chip maker advanced micro devices .
The company says it 's going to miss sales expectations so that is reining in some tech buying .
Nasdaq sup just slightly .
That 's the very latest news from Wall Street .
CNN " live from " continues right after this break .
JINAN , June 24 ( Xinhua ) China late this year will start building a nuclear-powered desalinator project in Yantai City in east China 's Shandong Province , with a designed capacity of producing 52 million tons of fresh water a year .
Officials with the Development Planning Commission of the Shandong provincial government said the project , to be built in cooperation with Qinghua University , would alleviate water shortages in the city and other parts of the Shandong Peninsula .
Yantai and other parts of Shandong suffered acute water shortages due to droughts in recent years , changing climate and other reasons .
Approved by the State Development and Reform Commission , the project is expected to cost 1.6 billion yuan ( nearly 200 million US dollars ) .
Zhang Zuoyi , director of the Nuclear Energy Technology and Design Institute attached to Qinghua University , was quoted in Monday 's Beijing Evening News as saying the fresh water to be produced from the project will cost 3.75 yuan per ton , much less than the cost of water from existing sources .
The project is expected to use a 200-megawatt nuclear-powered reactor designed by the institute , according to the paper .
The project would be completed and operational in 2007 , it said .
13 .
War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah , Iraq .
Much of the country is unstable , but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January .
Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq ? If not , what should we be doing intstead ? Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place , and if not , then what ? Hi , I 'm Allan from ~ LA .
You 're from what ? ~ LA , ~ LA .
Uh-huh .
Um , yeah , ok um , eh , uh , it was talking something about , uh , the war in Iraq , um , I guess , yeah , it 's a good thing about the elections that are going on .
Right .
I just talked to somebody from ~ LA a couple days ago about that on the survey line .
Oh , the - Um , you got the same topic or - yeah , I thought it was the same topic .
So , huh .
So , Uh .
do you think the elections are going to happen ? Sorry ? Do you think the elections are going to happen ? Yeah , I think the I think they 're still they 're going to go through even though , uh , even though , um , what 's it called , that you know of all the turmoil that 's happening there and all of the argu you know , and all the killings and everything .
I think it 'll still go through , you know .
The it 's democracy , you know , you have to fight for it .
It 's not it does n't come easily , you know .
Right .
Yeah , that 's why I think it will , too , because they they pushed it in Iraq .
I mean , uh , excuse me , in Afghanistan .
They kept on scheduling them and they we 're saying , oh , no no no , you know .
Um , yeah , I think you know I think they should have continued to go through with it , and you know um if if there is if there 's problems , you know , just still do n't , you know just ignore it , keep going , you know you ca n't stop , you know , if you already started something , you know , you should complete it , I think .
Right .
I mean , if they leave if they leave , you know , if the eh , let 's say they , you know , they just leave right now , you know , the the they ca n't , you know , I do n't think the the the occupants themselves regain control and , you know , and mo and , you know , and put down the power and , you know , an and control everything they can .
They just need they , you know , they need assistance and to get off get off , you know , on the right step .
I think they 're going to need the military to be in there .
And assist them with the elections and they need to complete the elections and all this .
Yeah , um , yeah , I do n't know what the end game , per se , is going to be there , you know , because , eh , they the problem is the is the culture , you know , it 's pretty , uh , you know , it 's really almost like a modern day Crusades , you know , and that 's that 's kind of hard , you know .
A lot of there 's a lot of embitterment that goes back generations and stuff , so , you know , we have I do n't know , I always think we have such a short mindset , uh , but they do n't .
So , that 's why , uh , I I do n't know i There 's always going to be problems there , I just do n't I do n't know how long we should be in Iraq .
I mean , definitely to keep it stable .
I eh , I just I I think the situation could be handled better .
I I thought it was a great idea fir them going in there and doing what they did but , uh , they had a short window of opportunity to win over the people and it did n't happen .
I do n't know if that was just out of our control or or what or if we could 've done a better job but , uh , you know .
Do you support the do you do you support the war ? What 's that now ? Do you support the war ? Yeah .
Yeah , I did at first I just I just I do n't like the way it was managed .
I think I think , uh , they did a great job up front , of course .
You know , they did militarily-wise , they did an excellent job but I think they 've done a poor job , you know , reconstructing and just controlling the situation .
You know , they - Yeah , I I agree also .
Yeah , I I mean , I I did support the war .
I just think that when they went in there , you know they they just did n't you know , they did n't i execute everything correctly , you know there was problems , you know .
Yeah .
And I think I mean , that that lead to it , but yeah , I mean they I mean eh you know you 're already in it , so you know , you should n't you ca n't just walk down and , you know , stop , you got to complete what you 're doing , you know .
So I Right .
Yeah , um .
But , they they definitely need to take a back seat to some sort you know , some sort of Iraqi government there .
I know they set up the council , uh , interim council , but that has n't gone , you know , perfe smoothly .
Um , they still Americans have been calling the shots .
So , if they can just sort of make a be get into more of a supportive role and , you know , flex their muscles when they need to and maybe that will help help , uh , squall some of the vi the violence .
I do n't know .
Eh , if they could 've if they could 've shored up the borders , right after going in there , that would 've been a that would 've been a a big plus , you know .
I do n't know if that could , uh , if that 's a plausible goal or not because , uh , it 's just that that a lot of that 's , you know , uh , weapons and terrorists have been , you know , getting through the borders , probably from Syria .
Yeah .
11 .
Holiday Traditions : The holiday season is right around the corner .
Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays ? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members ? Are there people you see during the holidays that you do n't see during the rest of the year ? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays ? Where do you go and who do you visit ? Hi .
I 'm Kate in Pennsylvania .
Okay .
This is Judy from Mayfield , Kentucky .
Well , hi Judy .
I think we may have talked before .
Oh .
May we ? I do n't know .
I 've done so many , I do n't remember .
I 've talked to people from Pennsylvania , yes .
So yeah .
Hm .
Well , what where how far do you travel for your holiday ? Um , I travel on Christmas day only about an hour and a half .
That 's not bad .
No. Go to Tennessee to see my , uh , two sisters .
Okay .
My brother go we go together .
My brother , his wife , my husband and myself .
Okay .
Then you spend the day there ? Yes , and , uh , Christmas Eve we spend my husband and I spend with my mother-in-law and her and his family .
My husband 's family .
Okay .
So , pretty much , uh , um , n m We , uh , have we have two adult children that have been married in the last two years , and I 'm just wondering just how long it 's going to be that the they 're doing the , um , you know , his parents her parents , uh , Christmas trips , but sounds like you 've been doing that for a while .
Well my mom and dad are dead .
I 'm fifty-one , and both of my parents have been dead a while .
They were older .
And , um , I do n't I have n't been really well , I 've had chronic fatigue syndrome real bad .
Oh boy .
So , um , and I 'm not able to get out much .
So that 's why my brother and his wife are coming to get us on Christmas day .
But , uh , no , um Part of our family 's sort of been estranged , so to speak .
So it 'll be very interesting .
My brother and I are real close , and my sister Uh-huh .
that lives away from here in Arkansas are real close , but the two sisters from Tennessee , we 're not real close .
So , this is not something that is a regular tradition ? Uh , this is going to be a new one , Aw , well - going to Tennessee , and the regular tradition is going to my mother in-law 's .
Okay .
So , eh , we 're setting up tradition .
Because they 're out there - Well , bless you .
I really hope that , uh , that it it 's a good one , and that you have a I do too .
Um , wonderful time .
Um , now , uh , di But we are going to set this up as a tradition to meet at this one sister 's house in Tennessee .
Um , yeah and thi and we 're not doing gifts this year , but next year we 're going to give draw names .
Oh , good .
So , there , that 's a tradition that 's going to be set up .
But I do n't go to a lot of parties , and I 'm not able to go to church , so the party they would have there I , you know , I 'm not doing .
So I 'm not able to do , uh , much .
So , we do n't , you know , and I ne never was a , you know , I mean , I do n't , I do n't like going up to jo a whole bunch of parties .
Right .
Yeah , we 're not much party people , either .
Um , we have , uh , some family very My husband 's , uh , brother and his family live in the same town .
Uh , we have , uh , one of our married children in the same town up here , and one of them down in South Carolina .
Oh wow .
Um , so it 'll be nice .
They 'll be coming up for Christmas , and so we 'll have - How old are your children ? My oldest is , uh , twenty-five , and , uh , the next one 's twenty-three , and I 've got a twenty year old and a sixteen year old Oh wow .
still at home , so .
I think I have may have talked I may have talked to you .
I have a twenty-eight year old son and a twenty-two year old daughter , and neither one of them lives at home .
Oh .
Okay , so are they close by , or ? Well , my daughter is in Louisville , clear across the state , and she 's not coming home .
And , uh , but , uh , you know , it 's really for the good for because of the kind of life she 's living right now .
She 's bi polar , and - Oh boy .
Yeah , it 's a h it 's a han she 's a she can be a handful .
But , uh , yeah , we 'll we 'll make it .
My son 's going to be moving back home next year , and he 's a joy .
Ah .
He 's going to go into the , uh He 's going to be a pastor and a counselor .
No kidding ? And I 'm a counselor .
I 'm a therapist .
Oh , that 's wonderful .
I 'm just not able to work right now .
Oh , with the fatigue .
Right .
It 's wha it 's more than fatigue .
It 's a whole group of things , and it and you run a lot of fever .
When you get in the severe stage , you know , you get out once a week and do what you have to do because my husband does n't drive , because of coordination problems from a head injury and that puts you out for the rest of the week .
Oh my word .
Well , you have a lot to deal with .
Well , I have a lot of faith in God , so that works .
Yes .
Amen .
That works with my holidays , too .
we 're following an important story that 's developed today in Gaza .
Two Israeli helicopter air strikes against Palestinian targets , Hamas targets in Gaza .
A number of people have been killed in the first airstrike , two Palestinians were killed , a mother and a child apparently .
A Hamas leader was injured in that strike .
He 's now in a Palestinian hospital .
In the second Apache helicopter airstrike that occurred within the past hour or so , we 're now told by Palestinians , three people died , 33 others were wounded , six are in critical condition , three dead were civilians , according to Palestinian sources .
We 're going to continue to monitor that story for our viewers .
We 're also checking out other developments right now , including this story that 's just coming in from the Associated Press Right now .
I just want to get it from our computers .
Sam Waksal has been sentenced to more that seven years in prison , ordered to pay $4 million in fines and back taxes in connection with the insider trading scandal .
As you know , he pleaded guilty to those charges .
He is now getting word of his sentence from the federal judge .
Seven years in prison , actually more than seven years in prison , $4 million in fines and back taxes , a story we 've been following here on CNN throughout the morning .
We 'll have much more coming up in the next hour .
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) North Korea on Sunday rejected the U.N. Security Council 's plan to discuss the standoff over its suspected nuclear weapons development , calling it `` a prelude to war .
'' Meanwhile , South Korean officials said Cabinet-level talks scheduled this week between the two Koreas looked unlikely to take place .
Seoul had hoped to use the meeting to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its nuclear ambitions .
The Security Council is scheduled to discuss North Korea 's nuclear program on Wednesday , and Pyongyang has said that any sanctions imposed on it will be tantamount to war .
The U.N. discussions are `` a grave provocation act intended to scuttle all ( the North 's ) effort for dialogue and aggravate the situation on the Korean Peninsula , '' a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by state-run news agency KCNA .
The Security Council 's `` handling of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula itself is precisely a prelude to war , '' the spokesman said .
For months , North Korea has insisted on direct talks with the United States to negotiate a nonaggression treaty .
Washington has refused , saying a multilateral solution to the crisis was needed .
The U.S. administration has been pressing the Security Council to adopt a statement condemning Pyongyang for failing to meet its obligations to prevent the spread of nuclear arms .
But KCNA quoted the spokesman as saying that the U.S. invasion of Iraq showed that Washington was not bound by international agreements .
A nonaggression treaty with Pyongyang would not necessarily avert war because it may not be honored , he said .
It was not immediately clear if Pyongyang would drop its demand for a nonaggression pact .
North Korea also said Washington is `` seriously mistaken '' if it thinks that the communist country will accept the U.S. demand to disarm .
It said it will ignore any U.N. resolution on the nuclear issue .
If the U.N. Security Council cooperates with U.S. efforts to `` stifle '' North Korea , it would leave the North with `` no other option but to beef up the deterrent force for war by mobilizing all the potentials , '' KCNA quoted the Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying .
For weeks , North Korea has claimed that the United States plans to attack it after Iraq .
Washington says it seeks a diplomatic end , but has not ruled out a military solution .
Last year , U.S. President George W. Bush said North Korea was part of an `` axis of evil '' along with Iraq and Iran , and that it was developing weapons of mass destruction .
South Korea has tried to keep a lid on rising tensions between Washington and Pyongyang .
But officials in Seoul said Sunday that North Korea had yet to confirm that Cabinet-level meetings scheduled to begin Monday in Pyongyang would go ahead .
Seoul had hoped to use the three-day talks to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its suspected nuclear program in return for aid and better relations with the outside world .
North Korea called off two working-level talks with South Korea last month .
Also on Sunday , South Korean lawmakers said they would work to quickly set up a special parliamentary committee to deal with the North 's nuclear issue .
The nuclear standoff began in October , when U.S. officials said North Korea admitted having a secret nuclear program in violation of a 1994 agreement .
okay .
Question of the day .
Here 's Jack back with that .
thank you , Bill .
There 's a new poll out this morning , ABC News Washington Post poll that suggests that most Americans would support U.S. military action against Iran in order to keep the country from acquiring nuclear weapons .
According to the survey , 56 % said they would back military force block Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
38 % said they 'd oppose it .
That was the question this morning .
Would you support the use of military force to block Iran from developing nuclear weapons ? We have gotten hundred of responses beginning this one from Edward in Oklahoma .
I support the use of military force 100 % .
The problem is with all of the American forces bizy in Iraq , Afghanistan , Korea , the Balkans , the Philippines and Korea , can we be sure that France and Russia are up to the job ? Not Bad .
Sally in Daytona Beach .
I think if we 're going to get this terror thing overwith , I think we need to clear the countries that house them .
It would be deadly to let Iran let their hands on nuclear weapons employ I would support any action .
Karen Brights , I do n't support Iran .
Why do we , America , get to choose who has nukes and who does n't ? Is n't that the responsibility of the United Nations ? Kay Jones in Waterford , Connecticut , sure , let 's invade Iran .
Wior already over there , besides the biggest cost us to next to the loss of life is transporting our troops overseas .
Iraq , Iran .
It 's only one letter off , we could call it a typo .
A little cruel .
Bill in Montana .
Nuclear Weapons in Iran , hope and Buzz writes no one wants to see a war , but no one upons to see another September 11th even more .
Especially a nuclear September 11th .
I would support military action in Iran if it helps to stabilize that area of the world .
you see it going this way ? you see it going this way ? I do n't know .
I do n't know .
I think it 's fascinating if you put up a map and a dot for all of the places that you get an 3 .
Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office , and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign .
Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term ? Who are they , and why do you think they should be appointed ? If you were president , which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why ? What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them ? Um and then I I do n't know who would you who else would you well what about Ruly Rudolph Giuliani Well .
I do n't know .
I you know what ? I think I think Rudy Giuliani was a great mayor for nine eleven .
Right .
I do n't think he was a great mayor the whole time he was a mayor .
Well , I I 'm a New Yorker , and I got to tell you that I I think nine eleven I I think basically made him .
Other than that , I think he was a little too decisive .
Yeah .
Uh not I should n't say decisive , too divisive .
Yeah , I think he As far as the race relationship in this city .
You know , it does n't take much to to please the other side .
And that and that 's what government is all about .
no , it does n't .
And he he was n't he was n't too much of a good uh He he would 've gone out as a mediocre mayor had it not .
And I but even even saying that I ca n't begrudge him .
But he did a great job in the crisis .
Some people do better in crises .
Yeah .
Exactly .
Exactly , exactly , I I think that nine eleven made him and Yeah .
and at that point in time , he wanted to stay on , which was sort of sort of ridiculous .
And if if if I do n't think the rest of the country knows that , because they do n't know what he did before nine eleven , because they do n't pay any attention .
Eh Exactly .
Exactly , of course , you 're right , you 're quite right .
And I think that if he did get a government agency , it would have to be one that was having crisis a lot of times I mean , he would just have to devote himself to that .
If he could just do that , it would be fine .
It 's a good point .
But if he gets if gets into a lot of policy making and stuff that for other things , you know , Yeah , yeah .
Yeah , I I I I know I one of the I do n't know .
Probably would be a good attorney general , he did that it could very well , he did a good job , you 're right , he probably could follow in what 's his name 's footsteps .
you know .
I think I think the cases that he picks and chooses probably I would n't necessarily put on top of the list , but he did seem to Right .
prosecute everybody evenly .
Yeah .
That much I think we can we can probably agree with .
He will probably do that evenly .
Yes .
Right .
I you know who I thought would have made a great , uh well I I know you guys had your own political uh struggles in Jersey .
Right .
Yeah .
Um and uh It 's a soap opera .
oh it certainly was , I I saw the footage .
I Right , right , all of a sudden .
I 'll tell you this .
Within one day , everybody I met said oh , McGreevey , sure , I knew that .
Oh really ? That became the national thing to say in Jersey , and in Jersey .
Like , everybody knew it , I 'd be like , you did not .
Nobody knew that .
In Jersey ? Yeah I think I was I think I was I was on a cruise , and I put on the television uh when I got in at the six oh clock news , and bingo , there he is , uh resigning as Governor of uh New Jersey .
I said , you 've got to be kidding me .
Yeah .
But uh I thought he would have made a name for himself. um I I ca n't think of anyone anyone that anyone else out there that um that warrants .
I mean , you know , you just No .
pick people who I think will uh have the experience in government .
Well not in , not in government , but in the private sector .
Um who are responsible , and um put them in a position to lead .
Well , Yeah , I think uh apparently the President likes people that are the same philo political philosophy as him , and I 'm not sure I mean I think he just needs some other voices in there , but That 's right .
I do n't know if it 'll happen .
It 's That 's a good point .
Well , I or not .
He he needs some liberals in there and he needs some Ralph Nader people , and some Green Party people , and some , just some .
Well I I think more conservative , what do you call them ? Conservative uh um um what do you call them ? Uh conservative uh more oh bloody he - Ideologues ? I yeah well I guess you could look at it that way , yeah .
eh Um .
Um .
I did n't particularly like the the tone about the the religious uh side of the that election .
I I thought that was a little crazy .
Yeah , I think pretty wack .
If it 's one thing we need to be careful about , it 's separating the Church from Exactly , I 'm a pastor , and that bothers me .
and uh Yeah .
Oh I I 'm glad to hear some uh an actual pastor who says that .
I I I think that we need to make sure that that that Yeah .
that stays the way it is .
I think it serves everyone well .
Well , for one thing , it it ends up as the uh government officials are those seeking office , and uh preaching and teaching to people , and that 's my job .
Right .
I agree .
That 's what I do .
You mind your stuff , I 'll tell my people what we 're doing .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) American commandos captured a half brother of Saddam Hussein on Thursday , the latest success in a campaign to round up insiders from the former regime .
U.S. troops thwarted a Baghdad bank robbery over the protests of Iraqis eager to share in the loot .
As U.S. forces struggled to restore order in Iraq , FBI Director Robert Mueller announced that agents had been detailed to help recover antiquities looted from museums in Baghdad and elsewhere .
Agents will aid international efforts to recover stolen items `` on both the open and black markets , '' he said .
With the fighting all but over , the USS Constellation steamed from the Persian Gulf for its home port , carrying dozens of warplanes no longer needed .
It was the second aircraft carrier ordered home in recent days .
The U.S. military 's search for chemical and biological weapons is unlikely to succeed until Iraqis lead American forces to them , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Thursday .
`` I do n't think we 'll discover anything , myself , '' Rumsfeld said at a meeting with Pentagon employees .
`` I think what will happen is we 'll discover people who will tell us where to go find it .
'' U.S. troops have found suspicious chemicals and facilities at a number of sites but tests on the materials have proved negative or inconclusive .
Eliminating such weapons was a chief reason President George W. Bush gave for the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq that began March 20 .
Brig. Gen. Vincent Brooks announced the capture of Barzan Ibrahim Hasan al-Tikriti , telling reporters he was an adviser to Saddam `` with extensive knowledge of the regime 's inner workings .
'' A U.S. intelligence official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Barzan Ibrahim had been a presidential adviser to Saddam 's regime since 1998 , but had a shaky relationship with his half brother and was not part of the regime 's inner circle .
He was a representative to the United Nations in Geneva from 1989 to 1998 .
Earlier , from 1979 to 1983 , he headed Iraq 's Mukhabarat , or intelligence service , a period when the organization arranged executions of regime opponents in Iraq and overseas , the official said .
Brooks provided scant details of the operation that netted Barzan Ibrahim , saying he was taken inside Baghdad and that U.S. special forces were aided by Marines .
He said there were no casualties .
Another of Saddam 's three half brothers , Watban Ibrahim Hasan al-Tikriti , was captured earlier by U.S. forces .
The third has not been found .
American forces have been criticized for failing to stop looting in several Baghdad cities , and there have been complaints , as well , that humanitarian relief has been slow in arriving .
But Marines foiled a brazen act of lawlessness during the day when they interrupted a robbery-in-progress at a branch of the al-Rashid Bank and took away US $ 4 million for safekeeping .
Thieves had blown a hole in the vault and dropped children in to bring out fistfuls of cash .
As word spread that the robbery was under way , Iraqis gathered , saying they had accounts at the branch , and a riot broke out .
Marines broke it up _ over the protests of Iraqis not involved in the robbery _ and the thieves were arrested .
`` These people want the money and they believe it is rightfully their money , but they do n't understand that the proper distribution is not first-come , first-served , '' said Col. Philip DeCamp , a battalion commander .
Gen. Tommy Franks , the commander of Operation Iraqi Freedom , told reporters during a visit to Kuwait that `` the looting goes down every day and I think you will continue to see it go down because the Iraqis are now stepping up and controlling the problems for themselves .
'' There was evidence of slow progress .
Baghdad residents gathered outside the city 's police academy when word spread that some of the cars looted in recent days had been recovered .
Still , more than a week after the regime collapsed , Marine Staff Sgt. Jose Guillen said power has been restored _ by use of diesel plants _ to only about 500 homes in Baghdad , a city of roughly 5 million .
He said U.S. forces expect to get one of the city 's power grids on line by Friday .
Unrest continued in other parts of the country .
Americans sought to bring calm to Mosul , where U.S. troops killed 17 people in clashes earlier in the week .
Brooks , briefing reporters at the U.S. Central Command headquarters , also disclosed that Marines had broken up violent clashes on Wednesday in Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown .
The fighting broke out between club-wielding members of the former ruler 's clan and a rival group , he said .
Clan rivalries aside , there are numerous other resentments shaping events in the post-Saddam era .
Majority Shiite Muslims are eager for power after decades of Saddam favoring Sunni Muslims , for example .
And Kurds are eager to claim what they say Saddam took from them and gave to Arabs in the northern part of the country .
International experts , appalled at the looting of Iraqi historical artifacts , met in Paris under U.N. auspices and called for a temporary embargo on Iraqi cultural objects .
Some of the participants at the meeting said it appeared the looting was organized , and some of those involved had keys to museum vaults and were able to remove items from safes .
One suggested the effort was organized from outside Iraq .
`` It looks as if part of the looting was a deliberate planned action , '' said McGuire Gibson , a University of Chicago professor and president of the American Association for Research in Baghdad .
`` I have a suspicion it was organized outside the country , in fact I 'm pretty sure it was , '' Gibson said .
He added that if a good police team was put together , `` I think it could be cracked in no time .
'' The Baghdad museum housed irreplaceable Babylonian , Sumerian and Assyrian collections that chronicled ancient life in the cradle of civilization , the area around the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) Australia will keep open its embassy in Saudi Arabia despite decisions by the United States , Britain and Germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears .
On the eve of a visit to the Saudi capital , Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said security at the Australian embassy appeared to be sufficient .
`` We have quite a substantial security presence at the Australian embassy in Riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient , '' Downer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp .
Australia is one of Washington 's staunchest allies .
Canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in Afghanistan and alongside U.S. and British forces in Iraq .
New Zealand also has no immediate plans to close its Saudi embassy .
On Tuesday , Saudi security officials said three suspected al-Qaida militants were arrested in Jiddah , Saudi Arabia , in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of Riyadh on May 12 .
The bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers , eight Americans and two Britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others .
Earlier this week , Saudi and U.S. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the United States or against American interests overseas .
NEAR BAGHDAD ( AP ) American troops stormed a presidential palace and other key buildings in Baghdad as U.S. tanks rumbled into the heart of the battered Iraqi capital on Monday amid the thunder of gunfire and explosions .
Buildings occupied by U.S. troops included Saddam Hussein 's newest presidential palace , the Information Ministry and the Al-Rashid Hotel .
Reporters saw the tanks roll into the heart of Baghdad on the western side of the Tigris River , which divides the city .
As U.S. columns moved northeast along the Tigris river , Iraqis fled along its banks and some jumped in the water .
An ammunition depot across the river was on fire .
More than 70 tanks and 60 Bradley armored vehicles were involved in the blitz , military sources said .
At the palace compound , Iraqis shot small arms fire from a clock tower , which the U.S. tanks quickly destroyed .
Most of the compound was severely damaged from prior U.S. raids .
Col. David Perkins , a brigade commander of the 3rd Infantry , told his troops before the operation that the mission was intended to be `` a dramatic show of force '' to demonstrate that U.S. forces can enter Baghdad at any time , anywhere .
`` I hope this makes it clear to the Iraqi people that this ( the regime ) is over and that they can now enjoy their new freedom , '' Perkins said .
`` I do believe this city is freakin' ours , '' said Capt. Chris Carter .
Monday 's incursion by U.S. armor was the second , but appeared to be much heavier .
The first one was on Saturday and triggered intense gun battles , which according to some U.S. accounts , left at least 2,000 Iraqi fighters dead .
Since coalition troops seized Baghdad 's international airport , they have encircled the heavily-bombed city of 5 million people , blocking off entry and exits and monitored all movement from the air .
In a move weighted with symbolism and tactical importance , a hulking U.S. C-130 transport plane flew into Baghdad 's airport .
The arrival presaged a major resupply effort by air for U.S. troops , dependent until now on a tenuous line stretching 550 kilometers ( 350 miles ) to Kuwait .
Monday 's advances came one day after British forces in the south made their deepest push into Iraq 's second largest city .
Gen. Peter Pace , vice chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN that U.S. forces drove though portions of the Iraqi capital , seizing Iraqi tanks and armored personnel carriers .
U.S. officials have declared Baghdad cut off from the rest of Iraq .
`` We do control the highways in and out of the city and do have the capability to interdict , to stop , to attack any Iraqi military forces that might try to either escape or to engage our forces , '' said Pace .
Intense fighting over the weekend took a growing toll on combatants and civilians .
Injured Russian diplomats and a convoy of America 's Kurdish comrades in arms were among unintended victims caught in crossfire and friendly fire Sunday .
Kurds said 18 of their own died in the mistaken U.S. air strike .
Assorted prizes fell into allied hands , some after hard fighting , but U.S. forces had yet to confront Baghdad 's last-ditch defenders on a large scale .
Inside a VIP building at the airport , troops found a lavish hideaway believed to have been used by Saddam , Associated Press Television News reported .
Southeast of Baghdad , Marines seized one of Saddam 's palaces and poked through remnants of a Republican Guard headquarters .
Also to the south , U.S. forces took control Sunday of the center of the holy city of Karbala , the Army Times newspaper reported from the scene .
U.S. forces consolidated positions around Baghdad .
Explosions were heard throughout the night Sunday , and shortly before dawn on Monday , shaking downtown buildings .
On another vital front , British troops thrust to the center of Basra , Iraq 's second largest city , with a sense they were finally shaking Saddam loyalists loose .
British Desert Rats went into the city of 1.3 million with more than three dozen tanks and armored cars , a column similar in size to the American unit that probed suburban Baghdad .
The British found resistance softer than expected , picked up reports that the local Baath Party leadership was crumbling and fought into the core , losing at least three soldiers .
`` We have a lot of it occupied , '' British Maj. Gen. Peter Wall told the BBC .
He said it might take days to put down renegades .
The United States is deploying some of Iraq 's exiles and internal dissidents around the country to help root out pro-Saddam elements , keep order and distribute aid , according to one such organization , the Iraq National Congress .
The group said several hundred of its members were flown to an area near the city of Nasiriyah .
In northern Iraq , U.S. warplanes struck a convoy of allied Kurdish fighters and U.S. special forces Sunday in one of the deadliest friendly fire attacks of the war .
At least 18 people were killed and more than 45 wounded , including senior Kurdish commanders , Kurdish officials said .
U.S. Central Command only reported one civilian killed and six people injured , including a U.S. soldier , but its investigation was not complete .
A convoy of Russian diplomats , including the ambassador , came under fire Sunday while evacuating Baghdad , the Russian foreign ministry said .
A correspondent for state-run Russian television said the convoy was caught in a crossfire and three diplomats were hurt , one with a serious stomach wound .
U.S. Central Command said no allied forces were operating in the area at the time , but it was investigating what happened .
I really could n't believe what I was watching while Bush put medals on Talent , Franks and Bremer .
Talent was in charge of the CIA when two of the most costly intelligence failures in American history happened not recognizing the Sept. 11 plot , and wrongly claiming that Saddam had a stockpile of WMDs .
Even people who mindlessly defend Bush 's policies , like wjb67 , do n't want to take responsibility for Talent they point out that he was originally appointed by Clinton .
Franks was in charge of the operation that was supposed to quickly go in , take over Iraq , and then start moving our troops out rapidly at this point I think we 're going to see our troops over there at least through the end of the decade .
And Bremer decided to destroy the existing Iraqi army , leaving it up to us and new recruits to try to impose order .
This is just one more of those wierd , through-the-looking-glass moments when Bush is trying to make something that at the very least has to be seen as troubling , and that I consider an unmitigated failure , into a success .
Troubling indeed .... I will say go a little easier on Franks-not that he deserves a medal than the other two idiots though .
He was not given very much to work with -- Cheney and Rummy are the ones to blame for the screwed up war plans-of course I am sure they will get their medals too .
Bush is one of those guys that just sees how he wants to see , and that is a terrible trait for a leader to have --- rose-colored something something I beleive it 's called .
Now THIS is an argument against Bush I can throw my arms around ! His name is Georege TENET .
If you 're going to spread your hatred about someone , spell their name right .
Good thing Bush is easy to spell ...... GUWAHATI , India , April 17 ( AFP ) At least three members of a family in Indias northeastern state of Tripura were hacked to death by a tribal mob for allegedly practicing witchcraft , police said Thursday .
A spokesman said a group of 25 to 30 armed men Wednesday attacked a house belonging to a village quack doctor in Tultuli , 60 kilometers ( 38 miles ) south of Tripuras state capital Agartala .
" The mob dragged out three members of a family and ( killed ) them with machetes and spears before fleeing the area , " the spokesman said by telephone from Agartala .
The dead included the quack doctor , 55-year-old Nityalila Naotia , his teenaged son and another member of the family , whom he did not identify .
" It was believed Naotia was a practicing sorcerer and through his black magic he had cast evil spells on villagers , prompting a group within the village to eliminate them , " the spokesman said .
Police have arrested four people in connection with the killings .
Superstitious beliefs , black magic and demonology are integral to the tribal custom in parts of Tripura and other northeast Indian states .
Many tribes practice faiths believed to be a mix of black magic and superstition .
HANOI , Vietnam ( AP ) Seven people convicted last week in Vietnam 's biggest-ever criminal trial , including two former senior government officials , have requested an appeal of the verdicts , a court official said Tuesday .
The seven include former state radio director Tran Mai Hanh and former vice national chief prosecutor Pham Sy Chien , both convicted of receiving bribes , the court official said on condition of anonymity .
The trial by a Ho Chi Minh City court was seen as a litmus test of the communist government 's resolve to fight widespread corruption .
The `` godfather '' of organized crime , Truong Van Cam _ better known as Nam Cam _ was convicted of seven crimes , including murder .
He was sentenced to face a firing squad , and his lawyer has said he also plans to appeal .
Hanh , also a former member of the powerful Communist Party Central Committee , was convicted of receiving US $ 8,500 in bribes from Nam Cam 's family to secure the crime boss ' early release from labor camp in 1990s .
Hanh was sentenced to 10 years in jail .
Chien was convicted of receiving a stereo set worth 27 million dong ( US $ 1,750 ) from Nam Cam 's family and sentenced to six years in jail .
Five other people who were sentenced up to five years in jail for crimes such as gambling and receiving bribes have also filed appeals , the official said .
A total of 155 defendants stood trial during the three months of proceedings .
All but five were convicted .
One defendant was acquitted , while the court sent four other cases back to police for further investigation .
Under Vietnamese law , the convicted have 15 days to appeal their sentences .
seven minutes before the top of the hour .
At the beginning we told but this incredible story about the rescue of three fishermen in the waters off the coast of Vancouver , stuck in the waters , Gail Force winds , small boat , they were rescued by a cruise ship that happened to be in the neighborhood .
Those three men did n't realize how lucky they were until they were plucked out of the water .
We have with US Captain Kent Ringboard , on board the Royal Caribbean " Radiance of the seas .
" I understand you were on board when this rescue happened .
Were you in charge ? yes , that 's correct I was in charge .
tell us about what happened here .
What was it you were looking at when you looked out over the waters ? well , it was quite windy , gusty winds up to 40 , 50 miles an hour .
And it came from southeast .
And we got the alarm this distress situation just before 5:00 in the morning .
And we were on relatively slow speed for the time being , but we of course , speeded up to the position , which was given , and we after an hour , we spotted the fishing boat in the waters .
these men were in some water that was quite frigid .
If they stayed out there for long they could have suffered severe tragedy , perhaps .
I want to ask you , have you ever done anything like this ? Have you ever seen anything like this done ? no , I have never seen this type of operation where you have a fishing vessel disappear , more or less .
And that the survivors , they had to go into the water , pick them up from the water .
was there any point at which you did n't think you would be able to pull it off ? sorry , please say again ? was there any point at which you thought you would n't be able to pull it off ? no , absolutely not .
We we were 100 % sure we could make it , absolutely .
Because we came very close to the vessel .
We had our rescue boat out soon .
So I felt confident about it .
I saw the fishermen also had the surviving suits on .
So that gave me more time to help .
that was a good thing for them .
What about your crew that was actually involved in the rescue here ? Are they trained for this sort of thing ? yes , they are very much well-trained .
We train for this type of operation at least every 14 days .
I 'm hopeful those three fishermen bought you a glass of wine once you got them on board .
we gave them some .
these incredible pictures .
I 'm not sure if you have been able to see some of these pictures playing on the television sets around the world but we look at these pictures and think there 's no way a cruise ship , as big as it is , will be able to maneuver into position in these kinds of heavy seas to save three corks out there on the water .
Amazing .
it was interesting .
But we had a good maneuvering capability on our founder here at CNN , Ted Turner , has sold more than half 0 his stake in AOL Time Warner .
That 's a lot of shares and a lot of money .
Andy Serwer 's look into that and the Mark Muz .
If you 're investing , why now ? Chitchat in the time life building here at AOL and all over Wall Street , Ted Turner selling 60 million shares for $800 million , more than half of his stake in the company , he opens 40 million plus now .
Question is , why ? Why is he selling ? I think he 's begin up .
He 's at least hedging his bets by keeping 40 million shares but basically he 's decided that the company is not going wait he wants it to go and he 's bailing out .
You know , a lot of concern obviously by people who still own the stock .
My point about this , if Ted Turner were so smart and he 's a very smart guy but he did not sell at the top , okay ? He did n't sell at $60 .
hind sight would have like to have gotten that .
he believed in the merger like most other people did .
We 'll look back five years from now , you can see , he has lost a lot of money .
You know , he still had $1.7 billion , we 're not shedding tears .
He did have $8 billion .
He 's left a lot on the table .
We 'll look back five years from now and say , when the stock is either at $13 still or $8 or $30 and say , he was either very smart or not smart at all .
He 's still hedging his bet by keeping 40 million stake .
I hope he 's wrong .
me , too .
The question , I 'm an AOL shareholder sitting at home , hearing this news , done this set off a few alarms ? Will people panic and everybody sell it ? I think the stock will be weaker today .
Again , you know , the stock has drifted below $10 .
It 's been in the neighborhood for a while .
I done see the thing going down a lot .
Interesting point here also , people are suggesting he may be raising this money to buy those Atlanta sports teams that apparently are on the block .
the braves and thrashers .
you really think ? you know , I 'm not sure .
He loves apparently they 're for sale .
We 'll have to see about that .
thank you .
thank you .
Let 's check 4 with Jack now .
The question of the day , Bill Bennet ? I figure if Turner 's smarter than I am , I 'm selling my 80 shares .
80 of them .
$13 and change , out .
Talking about Bill Bennet this morning one of the country 's leading Crusaders for morality author of " Virtues " and admits he has a gambling problem .
Me He made the admission after Bennett lost up to $8 million in casinos in the last decade .
The articles say he won at times that he had $200,000 lines of credit at several laying casinos .
Gambling , however , is not one of of of the Vices Bennett thinks is undermining American culture .
We want to hear from viewers this morning .
He does say he 's going to stop .
News of Bill Bennet 's gambling changed your opinion of him ? Many , many responses .
Hypocrite would be a word present in many e-mails .
Hypocrite .
Barbara , Bill Bennet 's Glam gambling loss changed my opinion .
Linda write his can do what he wants with his money .
I thought he was smarter than that .
Lawrence in Missouri , after sitting in front of my TV night after night , listening to him , watching every perversion , Sin and evil known to man or beast , being glamourized by sitcoms and TV talking heads , imagine my shock in hearing that Bill Bennet being soundly condemned for gambling , is this the beginning of a new morality ? Chad New York big deal .
What have you done wrong this morning ? I ai n't telling , Chad .
David say my opinion did not change because of the new news .
I always thought Bennett was a louse. am @ cnn.com is the address .
Unburden yourself .
we 'll talk more about it with Jeff Greenfield coming up .
Thanks very much .
An investigation is under way at a makeshift morgue in southern Iraq after a gruesome discovery by some British troops .
Tim Ewart of ITN News reports on evidence of atrocities at an abandoned Iraqi military base .
It was a discovery that horrified the soldiers who made it .
The remains of hundreds of men were found in plastic bags and Unsealed hard-board coffins .
British troops found the bodies at an abandoned Iraqi military base on the outskirts of Azubayr .
The evidence suggested it was the scene of appalling atrocities .
The teeth in many of the skulls had been broken , and bones appeared to be wrapped in strips of military uniform .
It 's not clear how long the bodies had lain here , but they were clearly not from this war .
You come to expect everything in war fighting .
The coffins were there .
It was a bit more of a surprise when I discovered the bags with the human remains inside .
Inside a neighboring building , there was evidence of cells and a catalog of photographs of the dead .
Most had died from gunshot wounds to the head .
Others were mutilated beyond recognition , their faces burned and swollen .
Outside , soldiers discovered what they described as a purpose built shooting gallery , the brickwork behind it riddled with bullets .
Identity cards revealed the names of some of the dead .
Forensic specialists will now visit the scene and hope to establish the truth of what happened here and when .
( on camera ) : Today 's discovery seems to provide shocking evidence of atrocities under Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Most people are afraid to talk openly about what 's been happening here .
But when they do , British soldiers believe , more horrors will come to light .
Tim Ewart , ITV News , Azubayr .
Well , from a gruesome finding to a dangerous one in central Iraq .
U.S. troops work to clear that area of Iraqi weapons , coming up .
UR , Iraq ( AP ) A U.S. - sponsored forum that brought Iraqi opposition leaders together to shape the country 's postwar government began Tuesday with a U.S. promise not to rule Iraq and concluded with an agreement to meet again in 10 days .
Meeting in the biblical birthplace of the prophet Abraham , delegates from Iraq 's many factions discussed the role of religion in the future government and ways to rebuild the country .
But some Shiite Muslim groups boycotted the meeting and thousands protested nearby .
A 13-point statement released after the meeting stressed the need to work toward a democratic Iraq built on the rule of law and equality .
It also called for dissolving Saddam 's Baath Party but left open the question of separating church from the state .
Retired Lt. Gen. Jay Garner , who will head the U.S. - led interim administration in Iraq , opened the conference under a golden-colored tent in the shadows of the 4,000-year-old ziggurat at Ur , a terraced temple platform of the ancient Sumerians .
`` What better birthday can a man have than to begin it not only where civilization began but where a free Iraq and a democratic Iraq will begin today ? '' said Garner , who turned 65 Tuesday and wore a twin American and Iraqi flag pin on his blue shirt .
White House envoy Zalmay Khalilzad told delegates that the United States has `` no interest , absolutely no interest , in ruling Iraq .
'' `` We want you to establish your own democratic system based on Iraqi traditions and values , '' Khalilzad said .
`` I urge you to take this opportunity to cooperate with each other .
'' Participants included Kurds , Sunnis and Shiites from inside the country and others who spent years in exile .
U.S. officials invited the groups , which picked their own representatives .
Many Iraqis boycotted the meeting in opposition to U.S. plans to install Garner atop an interim administration .
Thousands of Shiites _ who constitute Iraq 's most populous religious group but were repressed under Saddam Hussein _ demonstrated in nearby Nasiriyah , chanting `` No to America and no to Saddam ! '' `` Iraq needs an Iraqi interim government .
Anything other than this tramples the rights of the Iraqi people and will be a return to the era of colonization , '' said Abdul Aziz Hakim , a leader of the largest Iraqi Shiite group , the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq .
U.S. officials hope more Iraqis join the process and stressed that this was just the first of many such meetings in Iraq .
The meeting concluded with the delegates voting by show of hands to meet again in 10 days .
A national conference is planned to select the interim administration , perhaps within weeks , a senior U.S. official said on condition of anonymity .
The interim administration could begin handing power back to Iraqi officials within three to six months , but forming a government will take longer , said Maj. Gen. Tim Cross , the top British member of Garner 's team .
`` One has to go through the process of building from the bottom up , allowing the leadership to establish itself , and then the election process to go through and so forth , '' Cross said .
`` That full electoral process may well take longer .
'' Garner 's Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance is charged with coordinating humanitarian assistance , rebuilding infrastructure shattered by years of war and U.N. sanctions , and gradually handing back power to Iraqis leading a democratically elected government .
Tuesday 's meeting was the first step toward that goal after the ouster of Saddam .
Sheik Ayad Jamal Al Din , a Shiite religious leader from Nasiriyah , urged the delegates to craft a secular government , according to a pool report .
But Nassar Hussein Musawi , a schoolteacher , disagreed : `` Those who would like to separate religion from the state are simply dreaming , '' he said .
Iraqi exile Hatem Mukhliss quoted President John F. Kennedy 's exhortation , `` Ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for your country , '' and called on Iraqis to write a constitution , establish a legal system and consider what role the army should play .
He asked coalition representatives to address problems of security , electricity and water in Iraq and help rebuild destroyed and looted hospitals .
`` Saddam reduced the country to such a state that it was necessary for people to sell off personal possessions , '' Mukhliss said .
`` Now it 's time to take our country back .
'' There are already tensions between the United States and some Iraqi factions .
Kurdish groups appear unwilling to compromise on their demand to expand the border of their autonomous area to include the oil-rich city of Kirkuk and Kurdish parts of the city of Mosul .
That could pose a problem for the United States , because Turkey worries that Kurdish control of Kirkuk could lead to aspirations for independence and in turn encourage separatist Kurds in Turkey .
Iraqi opposition leaders fear the United States is trying to force Ahmed Chalabi , head of the London-based umbrella Iraqi National Congress , on them as leader of a new Iraqi administration .
Chalabi was the first top Iraqi opposition leader to be airlifted by the U.S. military into southern Iraq as the fighting wound down , and he and other top members of his group plan to meet soon in Baghdad .
U.S. officials said Chalabi was brought in because he offered forces to the coalition .
Neither Chalabi nor many other leaders of anti-Saddam groups attended Tuesday 's meeting , but they sent delegates .
Iraqis protesting the conference said it did not represent their interests .
The protesters held banners written in English and Arabic saying the `` Hawza , '' or the Shiite religious seminary in Najaf , represents them .
Even some of those at the meeting said they did not want Garner leading the interim administration .
`` We will press for any Iraqi civilian administration regardless of what the Americans say .
An administration by Garner is not acceptable , '' said Mowaffak al-Rubaie , an Iraqi physician and opposition activist .
He said American officials have outlined what Garner 's administration would look like : Each ministry would be headed by an American , either military or civilian .
Each minister would have two American deputies and eight American advisers , plus four Iraqi advisers from inside the country and four Iraqi exiles. _ _ _ = Associated Press writer Patrick McDowell in Kuwait City contributed to this report .
Well , the journalists ' death raise questions about the tactics of U.S. troops trying to take control of Baghdad .
They also serve as a reminder that many of our colleagues covering this war are putting their lives on the line every day .
Some thoughts now on the dangers from our senior analyst , Jeff Greenfield .
When an Al Jazeera reporter was killed today , the network charged it had been targeted by U.S. force .
Central Command said , no , its forces were trading fire from a hotel where the network was housed .
At a nearby hotel , two other journalists , a photographer from Reuters and another from Tele 5 Spain died , another case , CENTCOM says , of coalition forces returning fire .
A Kurdish journalist died in a U.S. friendly-fire accident in the north .
And an American writer / editor , " Washington Post " editorial columnist Michael Kelly , was killed when his Humvee plunged into a canal while evading Iraqi fire .
( on camera ) : It is an elementary fact of life during wartime : A press pass provides no protection .
( voice-over ) : Famed World War II reporter Ernie Pyle was killed by a sniper on an island in the Pacific .
Famed combat photographer Robert Capa , who took a classic photo of a fighter 's death during the Spanish Civil War , himself died from a land mine in Indochina .
Sean Flynn , son of the famous actor Errol Flynn , disappeared in Cambodia in 1970 .
More than 65 journalists of many nationalities died in Southeast Asia .
ABC News producer David Kaplan was killed by sniper fire in the Balkans in 1992 .
Sometimes reporters , like " The Wall Street Journal "'s Danny Pearl , die in covering a different kind of war .
Pearl was murdered by terrorists in Pakistan .
The casualty count helps put the ongoing debate about journalistic neutrality into a sharper light .
The 600 journalists embedded with American troops in Iraq will be threatened by the same fire as the troops they are covering .
Their safety , their lives , may depend on those troops .
Neutrality in a firefight ? Not likely .
And that raises a bigger question .
Are they supposed to be neutral on the outcome of the war ? In an interview with broadcasting and cable magazine , CBS News President Andrew Heyward said of the neutrality notion quote " It 's one of the stupidest things I 've ever heard .
This story is going to be told from a U.S. point of view .
We are American reporters , the ones with the troops .
" ( on camera ) : Now , none of this means journalists will ignore unsettling news : military setbacks , lack of supplies , the infliction of civilian casualties .
Reporters who ignore or distort facts are betraying their craft no matter what and no matter how much that may anger the people running a war .
But whether in the old Soviet Union or Nazi Germany or South Africa or Iraq , respect for the facts does not require a reporter to throw his values over the side .
Jeff Greenfield , CNN , New York .
And tonight on " LARRY KING LIVE , " Al-Jazeera correspondent Omar Al Issawi will talk to Larry about the death of his colleague and the continuing plight of journalists in a war zone .
That 's tonight at 9:00 p.m .
Eastern , 6:00 Pacific .
Just now , we want to show you scenes from Andrews Air Force Base just moments ago , President Bush returning to the United States from his summit in Northern Ireland in Belfast with British Prime Minister Tony Blair , the president back on American soil after a quick two-day trip , less than two-day trip to Belfast , he and the prime minister discussing , of course , the war in Iraq , what happens after , as well as the peace process in the Middle East , and restarting the peace process in Northern Ireland .
The president then climbed aboard Marine One , the helicopter , heading back to the White House , where he will arrive pretty soon .
Still ahead : How is the world reacting to the war in Iraq ? When we return , our Richard Quest takes a look .
Stay with us .
BRIDGEPORT , Connecticut ( AP ) Retired General Electric Co .
Chairman Jack Welch is seeking work-related documents of his estranged wife in his high-stakes divorce case .
The Welches disclosed their plans to divorce a year ago , shortly after Suzy Wetlaufer _ then editor of the Harvard Business Review _ revealed she had become romantically involved with Welch while working on a story about him .
In court papers filed this week in state Supreme Court in New York , Welch requested a deposition next month of David Heleniak , a senior partner in the law firm of Shearman & amp ; Sterling in New York .
He also wants to subpoena all documents maintained in Jane Beasley Welch 's personnel file by Shearman & amp ; Sterling , a prestigious corporate law firm where she worked before she married Welch .
Welch specifically is seeking performance evaluations , correspondence between his estranged wife and partners while she worked at the law firm 's office in London , and documents related to her prospects of becoming a partner .
Welch also wants details on Jane Beasley Welch 's salary , benefits , retirement plan and other compensation paid to her .
Michael York , one of Jack Welch 's attorneys , called the move routine .
A judge ruled in February that depositions in the divorce case will remain confidential .
Earlier documents in the case have included embarrassing details about perks Welch received as part of his retirement package from GE at a time when corporate scandals were sparking outrage .
The court order was requested by Jack Welch 's attorney , Daniel K. Webb , who said Welch would likely be asked about his business dealings , his health and entries in his personal diary .
Webb also said details of the breakdowns of the Welches ' previous marriages were likely to come up , and cited reports of alleged extramarital affairs by both .
Welch has previously failed in an attempt to temporarily seal a financial affidavit .
That document detailed monthly outlays of some $51,000 for upkeep on a half-dozen houses scattered from Massachusetts to Florida , more than $52,000 for gifts and nearly $9,000 for food and drink , among other expenses .
This is getting strange .
I actually ca n't recall it ever taking 2 weeks to " count " these many ballots , generally elections are called within 24 hours .
In this case counting is taking 2 weeks .
What is strange is everyone knows who won , Sistani won .
His party , the major winner , could not field canidates until just before the election , but it was his face on all the poster and his part wipped up the heavily funded US supported government .
So we have the voice of the people of Iraq , even if the Sunni 's had voted Sistani would still be the majority leader .
But he was not running .
So the US has entered in to the classic Shia quicksand of Islamic Republics , which have caused it such problems in Iran .
Sistani will run Iraq , or the election will be ignored .
The problem with Sistani running Iraq is he refuses to talk to the Ameircans , and as the real power broker what ever figure heads take the PM and other posts will speak with as little authority as their counter parts in Iran .
The US is now fighting a war for a nation who government they have no direct ties with .
The other option , and what the US seems to be trying , is to somehow fudge the election so Sistani does not win , that raise doubts about the outcome , claiming fraud , do anything so that the election causes to results .
Given the American attention span is about 10 minuts the creation of a dictatorship of US puppets against the election would be ignored in the US .
This would actually be not only in the US best interest , but might be militarily necessary .
I ca n't imagine how the US Occupation could operate in a situation where Sistani has the ultimate power .
In the long run I ca n't see how Iraq can avoid civil war , since its had it so many times in the past .
Civil War leading to the victory of one group is the norm in Iraq , and was the casue of most mass graves in the 1980s and 1990s .
Likely only sanctions have killed more .
Sistani has the popular support and the claim of the election which the Ameircans bungled baddly and allowed him to take over .
The Sunni 's have the weapons , the skill , and the support .
The US occupation is becoming more difficult by the day and Bush has shown he fails to understand the situation .
Hell when the worst possible event in the election was happening , Sistani was flooding the polls with his supporters Bush was crowing .
Sadly Bush 's concerns are short-term politics in the South of Ameirca , and they have already decided they do n't have to pay attention to Iraq .
With more and mmore Sunni supporting the insurgents Iran , the big winner in all of this , will feel the need to back Sistani in the south .
So if the US leaves its possible we could see Iraq carved up between the groups .
As for a civil war , its already started .
It is pretty bizarre , considering how long they had to organize elections .
It may be that they want the public to get adjusted to the fact that the Shia 's are taking over before announcing official results .
The US is not going to change the results .
A shia government will allow us an exit strategy .
All we have won in iraq is maybe a shaky neutrality .
Its not like Germany or Japan where they were so terrified of the Soviets post war that they were happy to see the US stick around .
I myself would have been happier with a Mushariff military dictatorship or junta taking over .
That is the only way to keep religion out of running the government .
In my opinion , all we have to the average Iraqi citizen is brought a new type of domination .
Many small businesses will have to close down ( alcohol related ) women will have to dress head to toe again , etc .
There is only one ray of hope , that Sistani will prove a very strong leader and actually care about the moderate muslims in his country and protect them .
Its a wait and see game As for the Sunnis , they are probably going to have to be crushed .
welcome back n case you 're just tuning in , our top story this hour , the discovery of suspect chemical weapons materials at an agricultural complex in central Iraq .
Troops from the U.S. Army 's 101st Airborne Division went to the site on Friday , finding a number of large drums buried in bunkers .
Initial tests were inconclusive .
The General Benjamin Frankly of the 101st says today a more sophisticated test indicated the presence of nerve and blister agents .
He says that type of test that is required sometimes shows false-positives and further testing will be done to determine whether the materials are indeed nonweaponized chemical agents or perhaps simply pesticides .
General frankly says it is hard to believe U.N. inspectors would have found the facility hidden as deeply as it was near the Euphrates River .
We 'll are much more on this developing story coming up in a few minutes .
For the latest , though , on the air war , CNN 's Gary Tuchman is joining us now live from an air base not far from Iraq .
What 's happening there tonight , Gary ? reporter : Well , Wolf , the Air Force is continuing its 24-hour air coverage over Baghdad .
There will always be multiple warplanes , fighter That 's something to look at .
Today the Pentagon is comparing suicide bombing attacks on coalition forces in Iraq to terrorism .
Four U.S. Army soldiers were killed when a suicide bomber attacked a military checkpoint today in Najaf .
CNN 's Chris Plante is chasing all that down for us at the Pentagon right now .
Hello Chris .
Hi , Judy .
That 's right .
Four U.S. soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division manning a checkpoint near the town of Najaf killed today in an apparent suicide bombing .
A man driving what appeared to be a taxicab came to the checkpoint , waved soldiers over , appeared to be having mechanical problems of some kind .
As the soldiers approached , the man detonated explosives in the car killing all four of the soldiers .
This is something that Iraqi Vice President Ramadan had said would take place .
He said this long before the conflict ever began .
He reiterated today in a press conference in Baghdad that this would just be the beginning of this that they would plan on killing thousands of U.S. troops with suicide bombing similar to this .
Also , in southern Iraq today near Basra , two members claimed to be members of Saddam 's Thataeen ( ph ) group surrendered to U.S. troops saying that they had been ordered to carry out suicide bombings down there but that they did n't want to die for the regime so they were surrendering .
At the Pentagon briefing today , General Stanley McChrystal said that it looked a lot like terrorism .
It looks and feels like terrorism and what it requires is units to conduct forced production activities which they are prepared and do all the time but clearly when you see a tactic like this , it requires strict adherence or adjustments to your tactics , techniques and procedures to ensure that places like checkpoints are not vulnerable .
So it wo n't change our overall rules of engagement .
It does n't effect the operation at large but to protect our soldiers it clearly requires great care .
So certainly an unpleasant development today Judy and another item on the docket over here today is the failure of a number of cruise missiles .
Tomahawk land detect missiles being from launched from ships in the eastern Mediterranean and in the Red Sea have suffered a number of failures .
The Pentagon says a total of seven of the cruise missiles have failed crashing in Turkey and in Saudi Arabia .
No injuries reported .
The missiles are programmed so that they do n't detonate until they reach their target .
If they go astray , then the warheads never arm but claiming that it 's about one percent of the warheads .
They 've fired 675 or so tomahawk land detect missiles from ships and seven of those have failed .
Judy ... Chris , very quickly , new information from the Pentagon today about any concerns they have about Saddam Hussein 's ongoing air defense capability ? Well , no major concern .
The Pentagon says that they do have air dominance as they now call it over the vast majority of the country that there are certain areas and only certain areas of downtown Iraq where battle management radars linked to surface to air missiles are still in tact .
The reason that they 're still in tact according to today 's briefing was that they had not turned them on and as long as they do n't turn them on , the U.S. has trouble locating them .
They assure us that as soon as they do start turning on these radars that they 'll take those out too and finish the job in terms of airspace over Baghdad.Judy ... All right .
We 're paying attention to all those details for us , Chris Plante at the Pentagon .
You 're looking at live pictures of Baghdad where there have been more strikes , more bombs dropped , more missiles this evening and of course as always , CNN keeping a close eye , a close watch , a close listen on what 's going on in Baghdad .
Coming up , coalition forces control several parts of southern Iraq but they still face some serious problems including pockets of resistance .
That story when we come back .
Since marching into Iraq , coalition troops have engaged in some fierce battles with Saddam Hussein 's forces .
A serious problem they still face though , pockets of resistance .
Reporter David Bowden is with the British forces in Umm Qasr in southern Iraq .
9 .
Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election ? What did you think of the two candidates , George Bush and John Kerry ? What about the Vice Presidential candidates , Dick Cheney and John Edwards ? What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for ? If you did n't vote , why not ? Hi , my name is Lynn .
Hi , my name 's Dave .
Oh , how are you ? Pretty good .
Oh , so the topic is elections .
Right .
Um , I did vote I did also .
and I voted for , uh , not Bush .
Well , I guess , uh , you voted for Kerry then , right .
Yes , I did .
Yeah , are you in a blue or a red state ? I 'm sorry ? A blue or a red state ? I 'm from Missouri I 'm in Missouri .
Missouri .
Mhm .
I forget which is which .
Well I b really do n't even look at it like that , but I should know that , should n't I ? Yeah , I 'm in Indiana so , uh , And we were kind of split in the middle I think so I do n't know .
Maybe we 're half blue and half red .
Yeah .
So , you voted for Bush , then ? No , I I voted for Kerry .
Oh , you did , too .
Oh , okay .
But , uh , I live in a kind of a staunchly Republican state .
So , there was really no way for my vote to make a difference .
Which , you know , I I just think the electoral votes I do n't know what 's wrong with everybody just taking , you know , a head count and voting Yeah .
and doing away with the * electorials .
Well , you know , you 're you 're talking about , um , the Constitution there , so , I mean , you know , it takes a lot to change the Constitution .
I know they 're also I 've been reading some articles lately about they 're thinking about , uh , uh , why should only a native born person be allowed to , uh , be President .
Oh , I know .
That is kind of interesting to think that , I mean , I think it 'll be a long time before they would change that .
Yeah , but , uh , just in the last uh , well , actually just in the last month or so I is really the only time I 've ever heard anybody even even talk about it .
And , uh , well , I I I did read a a column today by , uh , a Hispanic fellow and , uh , he was n't native born , he was from Cuba , and , uh , he stated that , uh , we he was in the fifth grade and and , uh , uh , he was taking no , I guess he was in middle school and he was taking a civics class and and it was pointed out to him that , you know , he could never become President .
And he stated at that time , you know , he said , well , okay I ca n't be President I 'll never , you know , get involved in politics .
So , you know , he kind of thought that was unfair .
Well , you know , in one sense it is but then , I mean well , my grandparents came over , Ellis Island and everything , but when I think about , you know , a foreign person or maybe born in another country and coming here it doe it does n't seem right in one sense for for them to be able to be President of this country .
Right .
But it kind of falls like I mean I 've been on the internet lately and I 've ran across these really weird websites and I 'm not a fanatic or anything but they 're all about the the new world , one world government and things like that , you know , and to me it 's just another point in that direction .
Maybe eventually , you know , Uh-huh .
that wo n't make a you know , twenty or thirty , forty , fifty years down the road .
Right , eh , so what do you think about George Bush ? Eh , are I I think he 's a phony .
I mean , that 's another thing they were talking about that he is with the Skull and Bones from I think he went to Yale , Right .
and so was his father and and Clinton was , too , and and people actually that + alumina And Kerry was a Skull and Bones , also .
Also , yeah , and then they I do n't know what else they 're called but they 're saying , like , they were like Satan people , Satan worshipers and , Oh .
you know , and you do n't know what to believe .
I watched a show on channel nine about Bush and him being religious , spiritual , of course , but also religious when his father was n't , and I do n't know .
You know , you hea I I think it 's all a bunch of lies , and I I do n't I 'm not crazy about Bush .
There 're some things about him , you know , the fact that he does act spiritual and things like that , I like that , I think that 's what got him in office but , Uh-huh .
um Well what do you think of him as a man ? Do you think he 's , uh , a good man or do you think he 's got any good qualities , or Uh , I you know , I want to say that he probably is but then I look at the things like where he wants the things he 's done .
I think that people are poorer .
I mean , I just think the um , we 're so much more in debt .
I just do n't think he But as far as the man himself , I again , I do n't know .
Yeah .
What do you think of him ? Well , I I think I think his dad was a better man than he is .
You know , to me , you know , I 'm kind of in the same boat you 're in .
I think he was just he 's kind of the sizzle , you know , he 's not the steak .
I think he was just sold to the American people .
arthritis. * * We liberated the people of Iraq from a brutal dictatorship .
[ translator speaking ] we brought greater security to people of all nations .
I want to thank the president for Spain 's diplomatic support before the conflict .
[ translator speaking ] and for the use of Spanish air space and bases as the war grew closer .
[ translator speaking ] I also offer my condolences to the family and friends of the two members of the Spanish media who lost their lives while covering the hostilities .
[ translator speaking ] both Spain and the United States are committed to a stable , democratic and peaceful future for the people of Iraq .
[ translator speaking ] Spain has shown that commitment by sending engineering and medical units to help the people of Iraq .
[ translator speaking ] and I thank you for that help .
[ translator speaking ] today , I have moved to ease sanctions imposed by the United States against Iraq 's old government .
[ translator speaking ] first based on the Authority recently given to me by Congress I 'm suspending the Iraq 's sanctions act , which restricts the export of certain commitment necessary for Iraq 's reconstruction .
[ translator speaking ] secondly , 'm directing the secretary to relax sanctions on American countries and citizens conducting business in Iraq that contributed to humanitarian reconstruction .
[ translator speaking ] soon , at the U.N. Security Council , the United States , Great Britain and Spain will introduce a new resolution to lift the sanctions imposed by the United Nations .
[ translator speaking ] the regime that the sanctions were directed against no longer rules Iraq .
[ translator speaking ] and no country in good conscience can support using sanctions to hold back the hopes of the Iraqi people .
[ trance lay or the speaking ] across the globe , Spain and America will continue as strong allys in the war against terror .
[ translator speaking ] today , the United States took steps to cut off financing for the organization because of its ties to the ETA .
[ translator speaking ] We believe that the people of Spain like everywhere have a right to live free from terror .
[ translator speaking ] we 'll also work for a better world beyond the war on terror .
[ translator speaking ] we 're committed to expanding trade which builds prosperity on both sides of the Atlantic .
[ translator speaking ] we 'll work together to address global poverty in the terrible diseases such as HIV AIDS .
[ translator speaking ] Spain and the United States will stand on the side of people everywhere striving for greater freedom , tolerance and opportunity .
[ translator speaking ] we 're determined to help build peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians .
[ translator speaking ] last week 's confirmation of Mazen permitted the road map for peace , developed with Russia , the European Union and the United States .
[ translator speaking ] Spain and the United States are determined to take advantage of this moment of opportunity for peace .
[ translator speaking ] I 'm grateful for the Wise Council and Friendship of Jose Maria Aznar .
[ translator speaking ] [ speaking Spanish ] LOS ANGELES , April 18 ( AFP ) Best-selling novelist and " Jurassic Park " creator Michael Crichton has agreed to pay his fourth wife 31 million dollars as part of their divorce settlement , court documents showed Friday .
Crichton , 60 , is one of the world 's wealthiest authors , and has had 12 of his novels made into major Hollywood movies .
The writer will retain the rights to his books and films , although he has agreed to split a raft of other possessions with Anne Marie , his wife of 13 years , according to documents filed in Los Angeles Superior Court .
Anne-Marie will get the couple 's 19-room home in New York state , which was on the market last year for 21.5 million dollars , as well as their fine art collection .
Crichton , a Harvard Medical School graduate , will keep a home in Hawaii and four cars , while the couple , who also each have homes in Los Angeles , will share custody of their 15-year-old daughter , Taylor .
Before the divorce , Crichton 's fortune was estimated at 65 million dollars , built on such hit novels as " The Andromeda Strain , " " The Great American Train Robbery " and " Westworld " and his hit television series " ER .
" According to one report , he received 3.5 million dollars for the film rights to his latest book , " Prey , " and has a 30-million-dollar , two-book deal with publishers Harper Collins .
Anne-Marie sued Crichton for divorce in September after their marriage broke down .
In December , Chinese archaeologists named a new species of dinosaur after the " Jurassic Park " author .
Time for " Fireback , " when the viewers fire back at us .
Joshua Hosford of Newport Beach , California that would be nice in this weathers " Paul , I guess we 're going after all .
Case in point , Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
It 's amazing how someone can actually do two things at once .
I 'm chewing gum and talking on the phone while writing this note .
" Joshua , you could n't have said anything better .
In fact , I 've already said it .
Well , in fact , our allies got Mr. Mohammed along with us .
We need allies .
And Bush is so far angered every ally we have .
Dan Snyder of Baden , Pennsylvania writes , " Bush should torture the al Qaeda chief operations officer .
Bush has been torturing Americans for two years .
Why should this guy get preferential treatment ? " And I thought he was I thought he was busy running the Redskins .
No ? OK .
The next comment is from Frank Mastro of New York City .
" Mr. Novak , I do n't understand the problem .
If the budget goes through as is , why do n't Mr. Begala and Mr. Carville just donate the extra tax money they do n't want ? " I say that to all the rich millionaire Democrats , like Carville and Begala , who do n't want tax cuts .
Pay it anyway .
I 'll donate to the Democrats .
They 'll defeat Bush and everybody will get rich .
That 's a better strategy .
David Horn of Long Island , New York , writes , " How can Bush say he 's for democracy ? He had to sue to become our president , and he keeps trying to bribe other countries ' democratic governments into his supporting his agenda .
Where did he learn to govern , 1930's Chicago ? " Dominating the city gates to Basra .
Saddam Hussein and his henchmen still claim to control this southern port .
But the British want to send a powerful symbolic message .
Soldiers are here to tear down the regime and all it stands for .
By the time they leave Iraq , they 're determined Saddam and his Ba'ath Party will have bitten the dust .
The approach can seem frustratingly slow , but day by day , the Desert Rats are exerting more control .
Checkpoints meant to filter out Iraqi hardliners .
( on camera ) : They 're well within striking distance of the mortars and rockets of the Fedayeen militia , but they 're prepared to take that risk to try and persuade the people of Basra that they wo n't desert them , that they 'll stick with this however messy it gets .
( voice-over ) : Drastic action is need to convince a dubious population .
Get down , get down ! We watched a nighttime raid on the homes of Ba'ath Party officials and Fedayeen militia .
These are men singled out by locals and believed by army intelligence to be behind much of the brutality and corruption .
Most are not accused of specific crimes but suspected of being part of the state-sponsored climate of fear .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) , get up ! The party 's influence extends to every corner of Iraqi society .
In two small communities , we witnessed more than 70 people being rounded up .
Some are clearly terrified of what lies ahead , uncertain of their fate , overcome by nerves .
But as it ended , there was no British apology for the scale of the operation .
We came in firm , we came in fair .
There was no shots fired .
We gave a good warning before we came in .
We 've been playing warnings to people to stay in their houses , and we 've only lifted those people we 've got very good intelligence on .
This is not a tactic that can be regularly repeated , or the British risk being accused of installing their own rule of terror .
Despite the discomfort of a few , there 's a conviction that this is a night 's work that will benefit the majority .
Juliet Bremner in Basra .
Well , there has been a terrible discovery by some other British troops in southern Iraq .
Up next , evidence at a makeshift morgue points to mass executions by the Iraqi regime .
But first , more scenes from today 's fighting in Baghdad .
I was researching Meg Tilly on the internet and thus accidentally found out that Jennifer Tilly was born Jennifer Chan .
This is documented in a few web sites .
I used to wonder if Meg Tilly was part chinese because of her eyes , so now I wonder more .
Well , are they ?????????? How tall is Meg Tilly ? I ca n't find any web sites that state how tall she is !!!! It says that she 's multi-racial at this link : One bit of trivia that has been asked a LOT concerns Meg 's 'ethnicity' .
Well , for the longest time this was a topic she and her sister Jennifer seemed to avoid , but a few months back , Jennifer announced to the world that their father is Chinese .
So , that should answer all of THOSE questions .
Personally it has never made much difference to me she is who and what she is ! Oh. .
! And for all of you who have been asking how TALL she is an article about Meg in the January 1984 issue of 'Seventeen' magazine states she is 5 ft 6 inches .
Gads , never mind , she puts on too good a front for now , you Will see later .
Lady Chatterly " This must be a paid poster .
It 's the only thing that can logically explain their reluctance to be coherent .
" Meldon they ARE part asian. what 's the big deal ??? why is this so hard for you to believe and such a revelation ?? Regardless , she is by far the better actor of the two .
which one was in " the big chill ? " she 's the more talented of the two , imo. parismom - " Undoubtedly , some people can only exalt their own beliefs by tearing down the beliefs of others .
It is a trait of the insecure .
I think that ones belief system is personal and private." usenet denizen Oh my goodness ... I never even realized there were two of them till now ! The Tilly actress I * knew * just had this way of sometimes looking really good , sometimes like a bloated alcoholic sexpot who 'd spent way too much time on the barstool .
Mystery solved ! That was Meg .
There 's a third sister too , not in show biz , the youngest of the 3 I think , forget her name .
Well , Jennifer is certainly far sexier than Meg .
Meg is sorta like the female Steve Buschemi .
Homely , but a good actor and well respected .
Jennifer is still smokin' hot at 46 .
Meg is also the one who has a child by Colin Firth .
Rebecca Welcome back to CROSSFIRE .
Over in Iraq , arms inspectors are discovering and destroying missiles .
Spy planes are searching for more banned arms , and Iraqi scientists are being interviewed by U.N. weapons inspectors .
But here in Washington , President Bush says it 's all a hoax , and many believe he has already made up his mind to go to war .
Back with us to talk about it , two Congressmen : J.D. Hayworth , the Republican from Arizona , and Bernie Sanders , an Independent from Vermont .
Congressman Sanders , you 're opposed to this war .
I 'm not crazy about it myself .
But I want to ask you a question .
When the guns begin to fire , when the American men and women are in harm 's way and may be dying , is that now the time for you and your allies to shut up and support the troops ? Well it 's not are you suggesting that when tens and thousands of Iraqi women and children are killed , and when young men and women in this country are unnecessarily put at harm 's risk , what should we do ? The answer is , these are my neighbors from Vermont and obviously we 're going to support them .
And obviously we 're going to pray that there 's fewer casualties ... Are you going to demonstrate against them in the streets ? No , I do n't demonstrate against anybody during a war .
But let 's be clear .
The president almost unilaterally is putting us in this position against world opinion .
Did n't the Congress support it ? I thought you voted for it .
I did not vote for it .
I mean the Congress .
The majority rules .
Yes .
The Congress gave him authority , but the American people disagreed with the decision .
Not according to the polls .
Not the polls that I have seen .
Congressman Hayworth , back to a comment .
And I know that you meant it and I agreed with it .
You said , " This is Saddam Hussein , the butcher of Baghdad .
" I 'm curious , would that have accurately described him in 1988 ? Oh , yes .
I think it does .
I think it has described him , especially since he 's taken basically a one-man rule over with the Baath Party in 1979 .
I agree .
Therefore , was n't Dick Cheney , as the CEO of Halliburton , wrong to be selling oilfield equipment to the butcher of Baghdad in 1988 ? I do n't know about any oil equipment going to Saddam Hussein .
What I do know in the here and now is ... I can tell you about it if you like .
That 's fine .
And I know you 'd love to cloud the issue .
That 's an important issue to me .
No , it 's so important you know this and I know it 's fun and we love doing partisan Punch & Judy , but is there ever a time when we stand up even if we respectfully disagree with the commander in chief and those who would wage war ? Dissent is fine , but these cheap shots , I do n't know anything about Halliburton .
He had $73 million worth of ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) to sell oilfield equipment to Saddam Hussein .
What I do know is Saddam Hussein has butchered over a million of his own citizens .
And to somehow try to play partisan parlor games may be cute , but we are dealing with a clear and present danger .
Would you have treated him as a customer , the way Dick Cheney did ? I do n't even know about that .
Would you have sold oilfield equipment to him ? Furthermore , the United States supported him in the war against Iran .
Yes .
Hello ? Iran had hostages .
Seventy-nine Americans were held hostage .
Hello ? Hello ? We 're talking ... What we 're talking about is the unpredictable nature of war and what could happen in this war .
For example wait a second in Iran , the reason that you had Ayatollah Khomeini in power is he overthrew the Shah .
You who put the Shah in power ? The United States of America .
Oh the evil United States .
But the point is ... I want to get to that point .
But the problem with Khomeini was that the guy who he overthrew was put in power by the United States .
I ca n't quite figure that out .
We overthrew ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) and put the Shah of Iran in power .
Everybody knows that .
The CIA did that .
But I mean you 're attacking the CIA for putting him in , when it was the problem was Khomeini .
No , the point I made , Khomeini came about because we put a brutal dictator , the Shah of Iran , in power .
The point that I am making is you cannot ... The point you 're making is blame America first .
No I 'm not .
That 's what you 're doing .
You 're talking about blowback .
You do n't know what happens when the most powerful nation on Earth invades and occupies a Muslim nation and kills tens of thousands of people .
We know what happens .
Congressman Sanders ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Bernie Sanders , an Independent from Vermont , thank you very much .
Congressman J.D. Hayworth , a Republican from Arizona , thank you both very much .
We will come back to this debate , believe me .
One of our viewers , though , thinks there 's a sure fire way to get that al Qaeda ring leader to talk .
We 'll let him fire back in a little bit .
But next , out of all of the pictures from this weekend 's nail biter between J.D. Hayworth 's alma mater of ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) state , and Bob Novak 's beloved University of Maryland , only one photo is dramatic enough or politically charged enough to be the CROSSFIRE " Picture of the Day .
" You do not want to miss this .
UMM QASR , Iraq ( AP ) The first sizable relief convoy arrived in Iraq during a sandstorm Wednesday as allied forces struggled to clear the way for more aid shipments , using dolphins to remove mines from waterways and hunting Iraqi fighters around the port of Umm Qasr .
Three days after U.S. President George W. Bush promised `` massive amounts '' of humanitarian aid , seven large , battered tractor-trailers arrived in Umm Qasr carrying food and water donated by Kuwaitis .
The convoy was escorted by U.S. soldiers .
`` We planned for 30 trucks but we only got seven loaded because of the severe sandstorm , '' said E.J. Russell of the Humanitarian Operations Center , a joint U.S. - Kuwaiti agency .
The storm cut visibility to about 100 yards ( 91 meters ) .
Hundreds of cases of water were stacked on three of the trucks .
The rest carried boxes of tuna , crackers , sweets and other food .
As the trucks lumbered past blasted buildings on the Iraq-Kuwait border , an Iraqi boy of about 10 pointed to his mouth and shouted `` Eat , eat ! '' People lined up along the streets , giving thumbs-up signs to the aid convoy as it rolled by and begging for food and cigarettes .
After days of fierce fighting that shut down the city of Umm Qasr , Iraqi youths cheered and swarmed British troops as they handed out yellow meal packets and bottles of water Wednesday .
The troops , already in the city , were not part of the aid convoy .
`` Umm Qasr is now secure _ as a port and as a town , '' said Brig. Jim Dutton of the Royal Marines .
The town 's deepwater port , the only one in Iraq , is essential for any relief effort .
Plans to bring supplies to Iraqi civilians had been on hold for days because of fighting across southern Iraq .
On Tuesday , U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan warned U.S. national security adviser Condoleezza Rice that the United States is legally responsible for providing relief aid .
White House spokesman Ari Fleischer blamed Saddam Hussein 's regime for slowing the flow of US $ 105 million in U.S. aid by placing mines in the port of Umm Qasr .
U.S. Navy helicopters flew two dolphins _ Makai and Tacoma _ into Umm Qasr , where they were to begin ferreting out mines Wednesday .
Royal Marine commandos carried out an overnight sweep around the port , searching for Iraqi holdouts .
The British said they had enough control over the area to begin sending in ships .
A British ship , the Sir Galahad , moved into position at the mouth of the Khor Abdallah river Tuesday night with 211 tons of food and 101 tons of bottled water .
It was to begin the six-hour journey into Umm Qasr on Wednesday , according to a pool report .
Iraqis have about five weeks of food left , according to estimates by the World Food Program .
About 13 million people _ 60 percent of Iraq 's 22 million _ are completely dependent on food handouts , The World Food Program , a U.N. agency , said it would make its biggest single request for cash in its history _ more than US $ 1 billion to help feed the war-stricken nation for about six months .
`` This could well turn into the largest humanitarian operation in history , '' said agency spokesman Trevor Rowe .
Before the war , Iraqis depended on government rations distributed under the U.N. 's oil-for-food program .
The 7-year-old program allows Iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil to buy food , medicine and other humanitarian goods .
The proceeds from oil sales are deposited in a U.N. - controlled escrow account .
The war has thrown the future of that program in doubt .
Because the United States and Britain failed to get U.N. backing for the war , Russia , France , Germany and China want to ensure that the immediate humanitarian costs of the war are paid by the United States _ and not the United Nations .
Annan wants to revive the U.N. aid program as quickly as possible .
A resolution giving him authority to run the program for 45 days is stalled because Russia , Syria and others are insisting the United Nations must not sanction the war or give the United States control over the U.N. - controlled account , which holds billions of dollars .
Iraqi Trade Minister Mohammed Mehdi Saleh accused the United States and Britain of causing the hardships by launching the war and disrupting shipments of supplies under the oil-for-food program .
He claimed , though , that Iraq can fend for itself : `` Iraq does not need any humanitarian assistance .
We are a rich country .
'' KUALA LUMPUR , April 18 ( AFP ) Malaysia 's Appeal Court Friday refused to overturn the conviction and nine-year jail sentence imposed on ex-deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim for sodomy .
Anwar , 56 , who this week completed four years in prison on a corruption charge , now faces an earliest possible release date of April 14 , 2009 if he is given one third remission of his sentence for good behaviour .
The former heir-apparent to Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad , who says he was framed for political reasons , told reporters after his appeal was rejected : " You must remember its pre-selected judges , most junior of the court of appeal , and its all scripted .
" What do you expect ? " Mahathir 's sacking of the charismatic and popular Anwar in September 1998 rocked Malaysian politics , with thousands of people taking to the streets to demonstrate their support for him .
Within weeks he was arrested and charged with sodomising an official driver several years previously and with abusing his powers to cover up the offence .
The conduct of the trials was widely criticised internationally and the United States still lists Anwar as a political prisoner .
Anwar was told Monday that he had been granted a standard one-third remission of a six-year corruption sentence for good behaviour , and immediately began to serve the nine-year sentence for sodomy .
6 .
Criminal Trials / Peterson Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
There 's been a lot of media coverage of the Peterson trial .
Why do you think this trial has been so publicized ? What other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention , and why ? What 's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall ? Hi , this is Winnette , in Michigan .
Hi this is Irvin , Sullivan , Illinois .
What 's your name again ? Winnette .
With a ~ W .
~ WYNETT ? ~ INNETTE .
~ WI Okay .
Okay .
You 're in Michigan , huh ? Yeah ? All right .
Uh , what do you know about this Scott Peterson trial ? I do n't know much about it , to be honest with you .
Oh this is funny because I just , one of my calls the other day was regarding this .
Really ? So uh uh they 're act actually that 's getting a few different questions and actually the gentleman I got the other day had n't even heard about it .
Um , Oh really ? Well um , I 've been following it pretty closely .
Um , I guess because of you know it being a mother and being pregnant for a baby .
Oh , uh-huh .
Um , kind of hit more to I you know to home .
Um , So you how much of it have you followed ? Did , did you follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything ? Hardly any of it at all , because um for one thing I do not have a ~ TV or a radio and I do n't get a daily newspaper .
We get Oh wow .
we get a weekly newspaper .
Okay .
Um , well I 'll I do n't get any newspapers at the house , but I listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and Oh yeah ? and uh when it first happened it was pretty publicized on every radio station um it come across on the news and we keep our ~ TV on at my work , because we have a customer waiting area , so Oh , uh-huh .
um actually one of our employees had wa watched (( happening )) so from that point on we kind of talked a lot about it at work and How long ago was it ? different things .
Um , it was a year almost a year ago .
Over a year ago ? Because it was just before Christmas that it happened .
Over a year ago .
Yeah .
Um , I 'm thinking I do n't know , November , December , I 'm not sure exactly .
But I know it was just before Christmas when they had uh it had happened , because she was missing during Christmas and then they had found her body .
And they they found the baby as well .
Terrible .
Um , so when they found the baby , the baby of course had been they do n't know if the baby was born , through delivery , or if maybe from um the corpse I guess So the baby was separate .
maybe extracted it .
Um , actually she was pregnant for the baby .
But the baby was separate from the body when he found it ? Yes .
Yep .
Um , I do n't know if ma I you know I do n't know the whole story for sure , but um he had you know , obviously denied that he was involved anything to do with it .
Then they found out that he was having an affair on her .
And then of course when they were investigating him he tried running .
Dyed his hair and grew out a mustache and they caught him trying to run with quite a bit of cash .
Wow .
So I mean , (( )) he 's in all honesty been guilty all along the way but Uh-huh .
of course you know they 've got to give him that reasonable doubt .
Uh-huh .
So is he is he still um in prison now ? Yeah .
And they 're making the determination if in fact he will get the death penalty , or life in prison .
So that 's what 's is up in the air right now .
What state is this in ? California .
It 's in California .
And um I know I had , it was supposed to have be deliberated on the twenty-second of November , but they had an issue happen with one of the jurors so it 's postponed everything .
But , actually they were trying to pass a law , and I do n't know if it ever did take into effect , that if in fact a mother was killed , and pregnant , um for there to be a double murder charge .
Oh , uh-huh .
And they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were found guilty on both charges .
Uh-huh .
And so it 's kind of up in the air now because he I believe he got first degree murder and um and then got manslaughter on the baby .
So he did n't get both first degree murders .
What 's the difference ? Where Um , I guess because he did n't murder the baby directly .
Oh .
I 'm thinking maybe was the difference .
And because of the the charge on the baby , they could n't automatically give him the death penalty , but obviously there 's enough um , complaints or whatever What was his excuse for doing something horrible like that ? and well he still denies everything .
He has never admitted (( Still does )) to do it. um But the only thing they can figure is that maybe he wanted back into the bachelor life , and did n't want to be a father , did n't want to be tied down with a wife and child So he did n't have any other children ? that was No , that was going to be their first .
And actually I do n't even think they were married that long , maybe a year or two .
SINGAPORE ( AP ) Singapore authorities extended the use of its state-of-the-art thermal imaging scanner to fight the deadly SARS virus by placing units at its border with Malaysia .
The Immigration and Checkpoints Authority said it began a trial of the scanners Wednesday at its Woodlands and Tuas checkpoints to screen for people suffering from severe acute respiratory syndrome .
Nine scanners , developed locally for military purposes , were placed at Singapore 's Changi Airport last week to check people arriving from SARS-affected countries .
Those who show up on the camera screen as `` hot bodies , '' or with a temperature greater than 37.5 degrees Celsius ( 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit ) , will be pulled aside .
Each day about 90,000 people cross the border between Malaysia and Singapore .
Any person found to be entering Singapore with a high temperature would be directed to a nearby nurse station for further checks .
Singapore has reported 16 deaths , the world 's third-highest toll , out of 186 infected from the flu-like illness .
Globally , at least 236 people have died and more than 4,000 have become sickened with the illness .
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority spokeswoman Ngoon Pei Ling said during the trial period the scanners would be placed at bus checkpoints , where passengers are already required to disembark for immigration purposes .
4 .
Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he 's been convicted of ? If so , what were his motives ? How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial ? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive ? Hi .
Good evening .
Hello .
How 're you doing ? Good evening .
My name is Jean , and I 'm in Arizona .
Oh , from Arizona , Jean .
How are you doing ? I 'm fine , thank you .
And what 's your name ? Ah , this is Mohammed , calling from New York .
Mohammed , calling from New York .
Glad to meet you .
Well , the topic is interesting , but they 've been having this one for three days .
I do n't know why they 're so obsessed with it .
Seems like it 's a weekend , or they want to get as much as they can feedback from people .
I guess so , Yes .
And so what do you think was - I I did n't actually watch the trial very much , uh th in fact , I did n't watch the trial at all .
Mhm .
I read about it in the newspaper and things like that .
Um , I do think from all the , uh , things that I have heard that he had to be guilty with all the evidence that they had , but um , I do n't really know why , uh , if everybody was so , sort of , obsessed about it when we 've got so much other things going on in the world that , uh , seem to me much more important , but um .
Perhaps it was because he seemed , uh , a very human kind of person and , and you cou you could n't really understand why he would want to do something about that .
I I think his motive must have been to be with his new girlfriend , but uh kill his own first child that way is extraordinary .
What do you think ? Mohamed ? Yeah .
And what do you What do you think about it ? Being very frankly , I was not , uh , following the case at all even uh uh television , or uh reading , but from what I can observe , that it seems , eh , it has been talking taking too long time .
Like one year almost , now .
It was - When you what ? It was taking so much time .
Long time .
Yes .
The case is almost one year .
Like last , uh , Christmas if I 'm not , uh , recalling my memory .
So for one year , it 's really a good time .
Hu So I 'm asking myself why it took such a long Hm .
It may be because it 's quite important , or so there is so many everything 's , I mean , it 's , it 's a really different case .
But , the quo the nice quotient is about the media .
But the media have biased in this , Yes .
or not ? I believe that media is a very good , uh , I mean , uh , way to give us all the opportunity to understand and see .
I mean without the media , you and I , how we will be knowing ? No , exactly .
Do you think they were biased in in favor of him , or in favor I No , I do n't think so .
No , I did n't think so either from what I heard .
Maybe sometimes in in in in other issues they they may be biased , but in this issue they were just covering what 's happening , Yes .
and , uh , they give us the picture .
It was a camera to give you the view .
I do n't think they were biased in this case here .
Yes .
No .
And , uh , what do you think will happen next ? Well , uh they 're coming up to the sentencing , and I heard yesterday or read in the newspaper or something that his brother I guess it was on the television .
In the news , his brother was appealing for them to to sentence him to to prison for life rather than the death penalty , because he said he 's a very good listener and he cares about people , and and he might be able to help a lot of people in prison .
I do n't know whether that is true or not .
I know that he had done a lot of volunteer things before , and that was the one things that made me wonder there was any possible chance that it could have been somebody else who did it .
I think given such as I have heard , even though like you , I did not follow the case day by day or anything like that , I do n't quite see how he could not be guilty if they 've got so much that appears to point to him .
And what would be the motive for anybody trying to to get him if it was n't Yeah .
PRAGUE , Czech Republic ( AP ) The troubled nuclear power plant in Temelin received permission from state authorities Monday to start power production at full capacity .
Pavel Pitterman , the spokesman for the State Office for Nuclear Safety , said his office gave the plant permission to run its second , newer 1,000-megawatt unit at full capacity .
The plant 's first 1,000-megawatt unit has already operated at full capacity during past tests .
The spokesman for the Temelin plant , Milan Nebesar , said that an 18-month trial production at full capacity at the second unit , needed to declare the unit ready for commercial production , would start Friday .
The plant , based on Russian design and upgraded with U.S. technology , has been plagued by frequent , non-nuclear malfunctions since testing began in November 2000 .
Located just 60 kilometers ( 35 miles ) north of the Austrian border , it has been a source of friction between the two countries .
Critics in non-nuclear Austria argue the plant is unsafe and demand that it be shut down , but Czech authorities insist the plant is safe .
The plant 's first unit , currently shut down for planned maintenance scheduled to take two months , has already entered the last stage of tests and should be ready for commercial use at the end of 2003 .
LONDON ( AP ) The United States and Britain are preparing a resolution that would give the United Nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in Iraq , a senior official in U.S. President George W. Bush 's administration said Friday .
Separately , the United States has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in Iraq into three parts under American , British and Polish command , the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Six European countries have agreed to contribute troops to the British and Polish sectors to create an international stability force , the official said .
The draft resolution would limit the U.N. role to helping with refugees and displaced people , reconstruction and humanitarian assistance , the official said .
The United States and Britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution , the official said , though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced .
U.N. officials are already in Iraq providing humanitarian relief .
U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar Iraq , although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country .
`` Take the question of security .
I do n't think the U.N. would want to take on that , '' Annan said .
`` There has been a suggestion that the U.N. wanted to take over the whole Iraq and run it , which was also not the case .
'' What the United Nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was `` political facilitation , '' Annan said .
The proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other U.N. Security Council members who have favored a U.N. - convened conference of the kind that helped establish Afghanistan 's post-Taliban government .
U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld discussed the resolution with Prime Minister Tony Blair and Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon on Friday as Rumsfeld returned from a tour of Iraq , Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf region .
Rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the U.N. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role .
Hoon , who joined Rumsfeld in a news conference at Heathrow airport , also did not mention the draft resolution .
`` We are right to be optimistic about the way forward '' in Iraq , Hoon said .
International stability forces will be sent to Iraq as soon as possible , the U.S. official said , though it was unclear when that would be .
Those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid .
The six nations contributing troops are Italy , Spain , Ukraine , Denmark , the Netherlands and Bulgaria , the official said .
Representatives of those countries will meet with British officials May 7 and Polish officials May 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under British or Polish command .
The U.S. part of the stability force will be comprised of American troops .
While that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined , the official said .
The international stabilization force would be under the U.S. war commander , Gen. Tommy Franks .
At least initially , the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 American troops inside Iraq , the official said .
The stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other U.S. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of Saddam Hussein 's government and other armed elements in Iraq .
Rumsfeld said , however , that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort , the fewer U.S. troops will be needed inside Iraq .
Planning for both the U.N. resolution and the international security force left out France , Germany and Russia , three U.S. allies that vehemently opposed the war in Iraq .
Some of the NATO members who agreed to send troops may want NATO authorization for that action , the official said .
Requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance 's defense planning committee , which does not include France , the official said .
The outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference Hoon hosted Wednesday with representatives from 16 countries , mostly NATO members .
Other countries including the Philippines , South Korea , Qatar and Australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals , engineers , explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear , biological and chemical weapons experts .
The U.S. , British and Polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic , religious , tribal and political factions within Iraq , the official said .
For example , although ethnic Kurds are the majority in large parts of northern Iraq , there are also large numbers of Kurds within Baghdad .
Some Arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in Iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political , religious and ethnic considerations , the official said .
Countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council have offered to donate money for the effort .
Rumsfeld also met Friday with King Abdullah of Jordan , an American ally in the Middle East .
Defense officials say Jordan provided key help in the Iraq war , acting as a staging area for U.S. special operations raids into western Iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at Jordan or Israel .
Rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed .
One of the hallmarks of a good totalitarian leader is the tendency to jump into a military uniform at the drop of a hat ( although stuffing socks in your crotch while doing it is an innovation apparently dreamed up by George W. Bush ) .
Another is to make sure there are plenty of very big pictures of yourself all over the place .
Fortunately for Our Great Leader he does n't have to do this himself , because he 's got one of the biggest media companies in the country to do it for him .
Clear Channel home to Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity owns over 1,200 radio stations and 57 television stations in America .
They also own a lot of billboards .
Want to know what they do with their billboards when nobody 's paying to use them ? The picture was taken off I-4 north of downtown Orlando by DUer davhill .
The text at the bottom reads , " Not authorized by any candidate or candidate 's committee .
A political public service message brought to you by Clear Channel .
" Did you know that one of the largest media companies in the country was in the business of bringing you " political public service messages ? " Me either .
Truth be told we originally thought that this picture was fake , but we had to eat crow when Clear Channel released a statement which read in part , " Clear Channel Outdoor markets are operated locally .
Local managers determine what copy to use when a location has time that is not sold to an advertiser .
" That statement was made after Clear Channel denied the billboard existed , of course .
Florida 's not the only state to suffer Clear Channel 's " political public service messages " by the way check out this one from Arizona : Curse you , liberal media ! From Democratic Underground Harry You 're such a cry baby , Clear Channel should post this every where : You notice how there is n't a peep from any of the rightards out there .
MADISON , Wisconsin , June 16 ( AFP ) The skeleton of a second baby has been found at a rural Wisconsin home where a 22-year-old woman 's dead infant was discovered in a blue plastic container June 8 , officials said Monday .
Kristin Scott , the mother , told police she gave birth secretly to both babies at her parents ' home in Byrds Creek , Richland County , one of unknown sex in April 2001 and the other , a fullterm girl , January 14 .
Police arrested her in Abilene , Texas , Saturday where she had moved with a friend June 2 .
She is being held on 50,000 dollars bail on a charge of first-degree reckless homicide and hiding a corpse in the death of the infant born in January .
Scott told police she did not tend to the baby , and it died after 30 minutes .
She said the baby had to die , according to the criminal complaint .
The woman 's parents , William and Nancy Scott , found the decomposing body of the first baby in her closet after they went looking for the source of a foul odor in their house .
Scott told investigators she had moved that body around before she moved to Texas , sometimes in the closet at the Byrds Creek house , in the trunk of her car and in the closet of her apartment in Richland Center , the complaint said .
The sheriff released no other details about the second baby .
I hope they get a little rest .
When we come back , one of the many sad aspects of this war , humanitarian aid rushed to people who need it but not everybody gets what they came for .
Slowly humanitarian aid is rolling into southern Iraq but dramatic scenes like this one of a crowd tearing into the supplies on a convoy truck only underscores how desperate the need is .
Correspondent Martin Geissler files this report from the Iraqi town of Safwan .
As our convoy rolled through southern Iraq the desperation of the people here soon became evident .
In trucks and on foot they came to the town of Safwan .
These people have been without food or water supplies since the war began .
Now they are desperate .
Within seconds the Kuwaiti aid workers who had organized this trip were overpowered by the mob .
These desperate scenes are exactly what the aide agencies wanted to avoid .
This is survival of the fittest .
Only the healthy and strong can get to the food .
The weak and the ill are left with nothing .
Despite this effort to help the Iraqi people , resentment is never far away .
We hate U.S. We hate British , England .
We hate any state in war here .
What do you think about Saddam 's regime ? Saddam 's very good man .
As the supplies ran out the mood swung from frantic to ugly .
Delivery drivers were threatened .
One of the buses in our convoy was held up at knifepoint .
The troops have moved into Safwan .
We , as a consequence , have had to move out .
It 's simply too dangerous .
This is a clear indication that despite the coalition reassurances that this part of Iraq is safe and despite the aid being brought into the people here , it is still a very , very volatile area .
Tonight here the strong are eating .
The weak still go hungry .
Martin Geissler , ITV News , Safwan southern Iraq .
So many different pictures we are getting from across that country .
Well , they are making their voices heard at home and abroad .
When we return , Americans this weekend are marching against the war and in support of the troops .
We 'll check out some of the demonstrations .
Here in the United States this weekend just as they did last weekend , anti-war protesters taking to the street .
In Los Angeles , the International Black Coalition for Peace and Justice is sponsoring a rally for peace today .
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was among those scheduled to attend .
In the meantime further north in California , San Francisco is the setting today for a rally aimed at boosting the moral of the American troops in the Persian Gulf region .
CNN 's Rusty Dornin is with us from San Francisco .
Rusty , what sort of crowd is showing up there ? Well Judy , this is the largest group really we 've seen of the support the troops rallies that have been over the last few weeks .
Of course this is the home of the anti war demonstrations stemming back to the Vietnam War but there are close to between 500 and 1,000 people .
I 'm getting various estimates on the crowd .
We did want to show you an interesting thing here .
Some folks are showing some solidarity with the speakers here .
You 're looking at some of San Francisco 's police department 's officers .
I did ask them why they did that .
They said they were wearing skullcaps so they decided to adopt this to show solidarity .
They said the department has not made any statement about whether they think that 's all right or not .
This has been a very peaceful demonstration .
As I said , the officers did tell me that this is the largest pro-troops demonstration that has ever been in San Francisco since the Vietnam War .
So far , very peaceful .
As I said , there have been a few verbal exchanges but one of the most enthusiastically received speakers here was Bessam Al-Husaini , an Iraqi American .
He 's with the Iraqi American Council .
How do you feel about supporting the troops ? How does the Iraqi American Council feel ? Well the Iraqi American have been waiting for this liberation and they want to get rid of Saddam so bad and they will have to take it the way it 's been offered to us .
How do you feel though seeing pictures of civilians injured in the bombings ? We get reports that these civilians especially in the ( INAUDIBLE ) population have been attacked by the Iraqi regime themselves so they ca n't blame the American and said look what the American doing to us .
He would love to see this and would draw on this emotion from the Arab world and the European country .
Now you said you did talk to your family in Baghdad as well and they also are somewhat suspicious of the Americans .
Well , I mean the Iraqi people have been the primary victim from the whole thing .
Yeah my family , you know , still in fear .
You know they stay in one room .
They boarded all the all the windows and they built with a brick one of the windows facing the street .
I mean yes , you know , my prayer to them but we can only do so much .
Hopefully it will be a short war .
It will be attack the Iraqi regime .
We can live in liberty and freedom soon .
Now I understand some of the people here have been threatened by anti-war protesters .
Have you had anyone either threatening you or ... No , no problem .
This has been a very peaceful demonstration .
OK .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Bessam Al-Husaini here and it has been a very peaceful demonstration .
It is wrapping up this afternoon and it looks like the civil disobedience acts by the anti-protesters are scheduled to get underway once again next week .
Judy ... Seven-eleven a.m .
Eastern , 4:11 p.m. in Iraq .
At its daily briefing , U.S. Central Command says Operation Iraqi Freedom is far from finished in Baghdad , even though U.S. forces are inside the Iraqi capital .
Eight-fifteen a.m .
Iraq 's information minister reads a message he says is from Saddam Hussein urging Iraqis to step up attacks against coalition forces .
Eight-thirty-six a.m .
Walter Rodgers reports according to Army sources , Iraqi officials are fleeing Baghdad in droves , using civilian convoys top avoid being targeted by coalition air strikes .
Eight-forty-three a.m .
CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr reports coalition troops entering Baghdad were met with fierce fighting , and there were casualties on both sides .
Nine-oh-six a.m .
CNN 's Martin Savidge , embedded with the 1st Battalion , 7th Marines , reports the unit has reached the extreme southeast suburbs of Baghdad , adding to forces the U.S. says now encircle the city .
Twelve-thirteen p.m .
At the Pentagon , Barbara Starr reports officials say today begins a new strategy in the skies over Baghdad .
The coalition air force will begin providing urban combat air support over the city .
Now the operating plan includes both ground and air missions .
Twelve-twenty-one p.m .
CNN 's Wolf Blitzer reports according to an eyewitness , a bomb has hit central Baghdad only a few hundred meters from the Palestine Hotel .
The Palestine Hotel is where much of the international press corps is based .
And this final story : retired Senator Strom Thurmond has never made a secret about his fondness for young , pretty women .
So some think Thurmond 's travel plans in South Carolina next month are rather fitting .
He 'll fly to his first public appearance since returning to his home state aboard the private jet of a Hooters Air executive .
Hooters Air is a spin-off of a restaurant chain known for its scantily clad waitresses .
But a local Republican official insists there will not be any Hooters girls onboard with the 100-year-old Thurmond .
Smiles .
That 's it for INSIDE POLITICS .
I 'm Judy Woodruff .
Thanks for joining us .
Howdy , Lauren Rouse here .
I 'm in charge of getting everyone excited about contacting organizations so Marcella can meet with them .
Next week we want to have as many dates as possible set up for her as we can , so we are asking y'all to please talk to your organizations to see if they would be interested in having Marcella come and speak .
In the near future we will be expanding this to include all the other organizations that we can contact , but we are just keeping things safe for now .
If you are interested in helping out with contacting organizations then please let me know , cause I need all the help I can get .
There are 6 sub committees under the organizations committee : Greek ( 2 ) Department of Multicultural services ( Tasha should have this taken care of ) MSC ( 2 , but I think Crystal is taking care of some of this but she still will need some help ) Student Activities ( 3 ) Academics and colleges ( 2 ) International ( 1 ) I am going to need that number of people to help with contacting people in these areas , so please let me know asap .
So , as I said earlier please just stick to contacting your organizations this weekend and friends you may have in other organizations .
I have attached the welcome packet info if they are interested and I have the cheat sheet to use as a guideline for when you talk to them ( just in case you do n't have them yet ) .
Remember to stress that Marcella can either meet with the execs or the whole group ( whatever works best ) , that she will be talking briefly , and that she will be there because she wants to learn about that group 's concerns and issues at A & amp ; M .
Do n't say anything like " vote for Marcella " or " support Marcella " cause we do n't want anyone to get in trouble .
If they are interested in setting up a meeting then have them contact me at 979-777-6445 or at laurouse ... @ yahoo.com and I will send the info to Tori , or have them contact Tori Foster to set up a time .
Also , let me know who you have already contacted and set up a meeting with so that I can make sure we do n't call them twice .
Ok guys , sorry for the long e-mail and the rambling , but I want to make sure that I have everything covered .
And if you have any questions feel free to contact me at the numbers , addresses above .
Thanks y'all ! Have a great weekend ! Lauren ---------------------------- - Do you Yahoo ! ? Yahoo ! Search presents Jib Jab 's 'Second Term' Welcome Packet.doc' Organizations Cheat Sheet.doc' NEW YORK , May 28 ( AFP ) Bankrupt energy giant Enron Corp is considering bringing legal action against its own bankers for giving bad financial advice that helped lead to its downfall , the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday .
The Houston energy company , which has been the target of a slew of investigations into alleged financial deception , filed a pair of motions in federal bankruptcy court in Manhattan in April , said the daily .
It added that the move is part of a new push under the leadership of new chief executive officer Stephen Cooper to settle all the litigation involving Enron and its bankers , shareholders and creditors .
Enron 's principal bankers , including JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup , and along with numerous other Enron advisers , have already been sued by the company 's shareholders for allegedly helping the company hide debt , and they face investigations from regulators over their involvement .
Besides JP Morgan and Citigroup , the other Enron advisers include Bank of America , CSFB , Merrill Lynch , UBS , Deutsche Bank , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers Holdings , ABN Amro , Barclays PLC , Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce , WestLB AG and National Westminster Bank PLC , now part of Royal Bank of Scotland PLC .
HONG KONG ( AP ) The Hong Kong Jockey Club is in talks about buying out the horse racing club in neighboring Macau , a newspaper reported Tuesday .
The South China Morning Post quoted Hong Kong Jockey Club Chief Executive Lawrence Wong as saying the discussions were underway , but no price was reported .
The Hong Kong club is a charitable entity , while the Macau Jockey Club is a for-profit concern controlled by gambling tycoon Stanley Ho .
Hong Kong angered Macau 's gaming industry last year when it banned gamblers in Hong Kong from placing horse bets with anyone but the Hong Kong Jockey Club .
Macau had been taking off-track bets from people in Hong Kong , but the offices handling those wagers were closed .
The Macau club later threatened to start taking wagers on Hong Kong races in Macau , at a better price for gamblers because less tax would be levied , but the plan never materialized .
Neither club immediately returned phone calls from The Associated Press to inquire about the buyout talks .
Macau is a gambling enclave 60 kilometers ( 40 miles ) west of Hong Kong that was governed by the Portuguese for more than four centuries before it returned to Chinese sovereignty in 1999 .
Hong Kong , a former British colony , returned to Chinese rule in 1997 .
It 's A Great Day For The Iraqi People ... And A Vindication For American Foreign Policy And National Security Policy .
And It 's A Great Day For President George W. Bush And His Vision , Leadership , Excellent Management Talents , Endurance , Faith And Intelligence .
Compare & amp ; Contrast GWB 's Vision , Leadership , Excellent Management Talents , Endurance , Faith And Intelligence With LBJ 's Lack Of Same In The Vietnam War .
Teddy Kennedy has n't a CLUE about THAT .... Do n't Forget To Ridicule And Excoriate The Germans , the Russians , the Chinese , the Left-Wing Spaniards And The Supine Appeasement-Oriented American Left-Wing Democrats As Well NOT Just The French .
They All Fought AGAINST This Result Every Step Of The Way .
D. Spencer Hines Lux et Veritas et Libertas Vires et Honor Let 's see ... There two main qualities to be desired in a Commander-in-Chief , Generalship and Leadership .
Because in the United States the Commander-in-Chief is a purely political post , generalship is usually undertaken by the generals proper under the Commander-in-Chief , provided it is understood that the Commander-in-Chief is ultimately responsible and accountable for the outcomes of his general 's generalship .
Generalship involves the technical skills of intelligence gathering , strategic and tactical planning , and the communication of orders .
Leadership can be less rigidly defined and is concerned less with coordination than motivation and how a commander seeks to inspire his men to fight harder and endure worse privations in order to beat the enemy .
President Bush generalship has proven deficient .
His planning for the war was inadequate and his monitoring of the war after the invasion failed to correct course in the face of the change in circumstances brought by a strong and unexpected insurgency .
The Commander-in-Chief 's generalship can suffice to motivate men if they are higly confident that he is a very capable and skilled general .
Eisenhower was in that position .
That has not been the case with President Bush , who unleashed hell acting on faulty intelligence , failed to find any WMD , and left our boys at war wanting for armor .
That is not the sort of generalship that on rational grounds alone motivates men to march to possible death .
Men unmotivated by bad generalship can still be motivated by exceptional leadership .
In theory , motivation is best carried out by a commander fighting alongside his men .
Make no mistake , even when we do n't desire a president with a preference for personal combat , the need for a commander to be seen to share dangers with his men is as imperative today as it was in times of Alexander of Macedon .
That 's why we look at the military record of our leaders .
John Kennedy , George H. Bush , and even John Kerry , the loser , had distinguished military careers that were apt substitutes for leading men in battle .
The knowledge that the Commander-in-Chief once faced grave danger in war bravely can be the animating spirit of troops facing the same dangers .
George W. Bush has no distinguished military career .
In fact , CBS and carrier landings notwithstanding , there is every indication that in the peak of youth he avoided the dangers of war as much as he could .
That is not the sort of leadership that on emotional grounds alone motivates men to march to possible death .
Some might say that George W. Bush is neither a general nor a soldier , he is a politician .
He is in charge of Grand Strategy and he delegates the rest .
True .
But as Commander-in-Chief he is the Ultimate General and the First Soldier .
George W. Bush , the Politician , is not very good at grand strategy either .
The aim of grand strategy is a prosperous and secure peace , and by his several blunders over the psychology of his opponents , the political and economic effects of his actions , and the failure to erradicate terrorism and even capture he most wanted terrorist , George W. Bush , he has failed to realize the aim of grand strategy .
I 'll be glad if Iraq becomes a truly democratic country .
But will it ? And at what price ? Are you willing to pay with a deficit of billions , thousands of Americans dead or badly wounded , and the unmeasurable disruption that a foreign war causes to the life of our nation at all levels , for each country in the world that is in the grip of a tyrant ? I am not .
Let those countries grow a generation with the guts and the willingness to originate democratic change and I 'll support joining other nations to back the ef .
But unilaterally , or worse leading a coalition featuring tyrannies , effect such change remains a bad idea , Iraq 's elections notwithstanding .
George W. Bush did n't do well in the industrial private sector where success is measured by return on investment .
Government suits such a man perfectly ; there is no balance sheet to worry about .
There is every indication that the new rulers of Iraq will do business as usual under a democratic varnish .
The interim government did n't hesitate to torture opponents , just like Saddam did. the Shiites will be no different .
That will be our return on investment .
Iraq wields democracy like Britney Spears wields the electric guitar , it looks cool and trendy but she has no idea of how to play it .
My girlfriend was on the run from probation in Fla when she got herself in trouble here in Az. which apparantly , true to her habits , she tried to avoid by not showing up for court .
Time goes by , we meet etc etc she gets herself under the scrutiny of the police and into jail again. fla trouble 1999 she signed a waiver of extradition as part of her plea deal Az in trouble in 2001 , fla is mentioned and she signs another waiver of extradition , posts bonds and skips ( not far enough apparantly ) Az troubles again in 2004 , she serves 6 months , then the day before she is to be released to do 5 yrs probation her in az , fla shows up and takes her to fla faceing her original 1999 charges which are still open ( she failed miserably at probation ) I think they want to give her 3 years. my question isa this , what the heck is a waiver of extradition good 4 ? How will her probation be affected here ? I ask around locally and no one will reply , not her public defender , the public defenders office , so I guess this is my last resource cuase I cannot afford to consult with an attorney .
Thanks in advance , MLM the guy who shoulda known better ............. The waiver of extradition that she signed simply means that if she skips out and goes to another state , she ca n't contest the right of the original court to have her hauled back to its jurisdiction , and that the court wo n't have to initiate the time-consuming process of extraditing her .
Instead , if the cops pick her up , she can be shipped back without delay .
Might be time to find a new girlfriend ... this one seems to have a habit of ducking out when things get rough .
Eliyahu She 's going to have a lot of separate offenses to account for by this time .
2 " FTA " s ( failure to appear ) , one in FL and one in AZ , plus whatever the original charges were in both cases .
That means she has given up the right to force the FL authorities to go thru legal due process in demanding that the AZ authorities turn her over to them for further prosecution .
All the FL prosecutors have to do is ask , and the AZ jailers will pack her up in a van or a plane and ship her back to FL for trial on the FTA charge and probably to commence her serving time under the suspended sentence that went along with her original probation .
She 's in DEEP SH__T if you have n't already figure that out .
Nowhere in USA would be far enough if she waived extradition .
Of course they do .
That 's what her waiver of extradition meant they could do .
They let her serve her time in AZ , then they come and get her to serve her time in FL .
This is what happens when people blow off the chances they are given to straighten out by being given probation .
Thumb your nose at the court often enough , and they will bring all sorts of crap down on your head , re-instituting the original suspended sentences and possibly adding on for the FTA .
What is it GOOD for ? It 's good for the STATE , not for the convict .
It lets them skip some of the legal procedures she would otherwise be entitled to , in order to ship her from one state to another .
But they were entitled to demand that waiver as a condition of probation ; if she had not agreed to voluntarily waive that right , they probably would have just thrown her in jail for the 3 year sentence the first time around and she would n't have been given the chance to go straight during probation and avoid jail altogether .
MANILA , May 23 ( Xinhua ) The Philippine Presidential Palace Friday dismissed as an " old tune " deposed leader Joseph Estrada 's claim that he was still the country 's legitimate president .
Presidential Chief of Staff Rigoberto Tiglao said Estrada 's camp was trying to revive the issue on the legality of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo 's administration when this was upheld twice by the Supreme Court .
" This is an old tune as far as the Palace is concerned , " Tiglao said hours after Estrada petitioned the anti-graft court , the Sandiganbayan , to dismiss the government charges against him , citing " lack of jurisdiction " since he was still the president .
Meanwhile , the court shrugged off the claim of Estrada 's lawyer Alan Paguia that its ruling on the legitimacy of the Arroyo administration was illegal and cautioned that the tribunal 's decision was final and could not be overturned by the Sandiganbayan .
The Sandiganbayan Special Division Friday reset for June 16 the resumption of Estrada 's plunder case hearing , which was originally scheduled for June 2 .
Estrada , who was ousted in a military-backed popular revolt in January 2001 , has been detained for almost two years at the Veterans Memorial Medical Center in Metro Manila on plunder charges .
JAKARTA , March 27 ( AFP ) Indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an Indian on death row after five of them appealed to the Supreme Court for a second review , prosecutors said Thursday .
" If we execute them now we ca n't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted , " said Antasari Azhar , spokesman for the attorney general 's office .
The Supreme Court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts .
The sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review .
President Megawati Sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution .
Five of them are Indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an Indian drug offender , Ayodhya Prasad Chaubey .
" We are talking about someone 's life or death so we have to be very careful , " Azhar said .
A convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the Supreme Court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court .
Apart from those convicted of murder , 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking 11 foreigners , four Indonesians and a Dutch citizen of Chinese-Indonesian origin .
Indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences , including death , for drug smugglers .
Narcotics abuse is an increasingly serious problem in the country .
Amnesty International has appealed to Indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others , saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments .
Amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime .
Use of the death penalty is rare in Indonesia , where the last execution was carried out in May 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989 .
It was the first execution for five years .
A police firing squad enforces the penalty .
I wonder why the Army and Marines do not deploy infantry combat drones .
Michael On 17 Feb 2005 09:39:05 0800 , " Michael Ejercito " That would be a long drive to any nuclear facility .
Someone 's BOUND to notice .
Hmmm ... now if the drone aircraft could lift a drone soldier and parachute ...... Oh well , I do n't think there 's really much we CAN do about Iranian nukes .
Learning from others mistakes they 've widely dispersed their facilities , even put some in dense urban areas .
We will just have to lay down the law relative to what HAPPENS if Iranian uranium is found in a terrorist nuke .
K00K00 !! K00K00 !! K00K00 !! ( INSANITY SNIPPED ) Yep .
The Persians are n't so dumb , are they ? ; - ) But just how exactly would we ever be able to learn where fission material came from forensically ? Sounds like a fantasy ... As dangerous as this world is getting , we better think about being a better neighbor .
JMHO. ; D Um ... you 're not very technical , are you ? Every reactor produces not only the fissionable products you want for bombs but also certain contaminates with a unique percentage of isotopes .
It 's a " fingerprint " that would be really hard to fake .
In article ( Wd4WQiFzIix9QJjBx1YNVX2KX ... @ 4ax.com) , b ... @ barrk.net says ... Does n't do you any good if you do n't have a fingerprint on file to which to compare the unknown one .
And does it work after the bomb has blown ? Please enlighten us. ; D On Sat , 19 Feb 2005 16:38:22 0500 , Defendario Yes , it works even after the bomb has exploded .
On Sat , 19 Feb 2005 07:49:05 0500 , Gogarty ( Goga ... @ Clongowes.edu) Ah ... but we DO ! We got it in two ways .
First from IAEC inspectors and secondly , in case some fakery was going on , from our low-flying drones that buzzed and 'sniffed' their facilities .
Attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes , Kurdish fighters and U.S. troops have dislodged stubborn Iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern Iraq .
Iraqis pulled back on the road to Mosul as CNN 's Jane Arraf reports from the battlefield .
A few miles further to Mosul , Kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by Iraqi forces .
After a day of fighting , the Iraqis were driven back five kilometers , about three miles down the main road west towards Mosul from the Kurdish city of Erbil .
Soldiers were Kurdish , but the special forces calling in air strikes on Iraqi positions were American .
As U.S. warplanes dropped bombs near the town , Kurdish fighters moved forward .
( on camera ) : There 's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge .
It 's a bridge over the river on the main road to Mosul .
The Iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the Americans are calling in air strikes .
The Peshmerga are just down the road , and the Iraqis have retreated , but they 're still holding on to the bridge .
( voice-over ) : That blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade , but there 's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come .
Are you coming here ? Less than 20 minutes later , with Iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing , they no longer held the bridge over the Khoser River .
In this vehicle , the only Iraqi casualties we saw .
Their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants .
( on camera ) : It 's still smoldering , this truck with three Iraqi soldiers .
It was either shelled or bombed .
Now , it 's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us .
These were lying on the ground next to the truck .
Somebody picked them up .
It 's an I.D. card , presumably for one of the soldiers .
The only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old .
And a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him .
Other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles , a discarded gas mask .
Military documents .
Notebooks with verses from the Koran .
Kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out Iraqi truck .
The village of Manguba ( ph ) , just 32 kilometers , about 23 miles from Mosul is now in Kurdish hands .
One Kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of Saddam Hussein .
Not just the poster , but the frame and cardboard backing as well .
They 've been waiting a long time .
Jane Arraf , CNN , on the bridge over the Khoser River in northern Iraq .
Thanks very much .
Judy , dangerous assignment for all of our reporters , our embedded journalists .
And one of them , not from our CNN , but from a very close friend of all of ours , Michael Kelly , paid that price .
The first American embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war .
We 'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of " WOLF BLITZER REPORTS .
" Until then , thanks , Judy , back to you .
Thanks , Wolf .
And we 'll be watching .
Michael Kelly , of course , with " Atlantic Monthly , " and a columnist for the " Washington Post .
" Well , at least three U.S. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the Haditah Dam northwest of Baghdad .
Those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count .
At last report , though , 41 Americans had been killed by hostile forces , 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents .
Of the 27 British troops , in all who have been killed , at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents .
The official Iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day , including more than 400 civilians killed , Iraqi authorities say .
And U.S. Central Command says more than 4,000 Iraqis have been captured , but British officials believe that figure is much higher .
We know that seven Americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in Iraq .
Another 15 Americans listed as missing in action .
Well , funeral services were held today in Colorado for 21-year old Marine Corporal Randall Kent Rosacker .
He was killed in action in Iraq .
His story is especially poignant .
His father is a navy commander .
He received word of his son 's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment .
The Iraqis promise an unconventional attack on U.S. troops tonight .
Do they mean guerilla warfare , as in Vietnam ? We 're going to ask our military analyst .
That 's coming up .
4 .
Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he 's been convicted of ? If so , what were his motives ? How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial ? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive ? Uh , there there 's something about this Scott Peterson trial , though , that the th that I ca n't I ca n't recall hearing .
Did the are they still going to try to get him with , uh , the death penalty or are they or are they going to be content with just , uh , just , you know , giving him life , uh , have heard about that ? Um , I mean , are are they still going to go after him with al with all their all of their ability ? Eh , you know , are they are they s - I think if they do if they th I think that they can because in California , uh , the baby was considered a person Yeah , yeah .
So , th then an - and they had a little bit about that at church last week when I went to church services , or the week before , I ca n't remember , but , um , it I kind of thought then that , uh , when I first heard about the case , let me just back up a little bit .
Yeah .
When I first heard the case , or about it , I told myself , if he did do it , Yeah , he probably did .
and I think he did , Yeah .
uh , if he did do it , I thought to myself , he will probably get the maximum sentence of whatever it is Well , he he he probably will , yeah .
because of the baby Yeah .
and , to me , I do n't believe even eh , exactly , you know , fetal state , I believe that that was a baby that could 've lived .
Right , a human being , yeah .
So , to me , I would n't he it wouldn't 've been good if he if I had been on his jury .
Mm , yeah , I see what you mean .
I could never vote , I mean , to let him go .
Well , you know I c but , now , I do n't know that I would vote for a death penalty because I 'm not sure that a a death cancels out a death .
Right , yeah .
I 'm not I I do n't know , and I would n't really be able to vote on that because my father was killed at work .
Oh , I 'm sorry to hear that .
So , you think you so , you know , I I 've got two things that probably I would be disqualified on that kind of a jury .
Yeah , maybe so .
Well , I 'm pretty sure of it .
Well , uh - But , uh , believe it or not , I do still feel sorry for him Uh , wh yeah , I do too .
I feel sorry for him .
because , uh , He 's going to be in the more so for his family m more so for both families because I know that from my own experience , we 're the one 's that are left .
Well , he 's also being , uh , you know , dragged through , uh , the media , you know , uh , Now , to to me that was the nation-wi nation-wide med the natio - totally unfair .
Oh , you mean being dragged through the media like that ? Yeah , it it is unfair , yeah .
Yeah .
That was wrong .
You know , he 's having th he 's having th - Eh , I I do n't know , though , if it was because it was sensational lies .
The case was so different W well it was a - and horrible .
it was a pretty sensational case , all right , yeah .
And then when they drug in , I re I ca n't that Amber Frey , and then also that , um , I 'm in th - Gloria Allred , Yeah , Amber 's the attorney .
any time you bring in Amb er , I mean , Allred , I 'm not against her , I like her , eh , at times , but when they brought her in and this other woman , I though , uh-oh , any chance he has of any of any kind of a trial that 's , uh , not what I call sensationalized , is over .
Well , yeah .
Uh , I agree with that , yeah .
Over .
Forge - You know , she was , eh , in always ruling in , uh , in , uh , what was the word I was looking for , uh , possessive no , not possessive but protective of , um , of , uh , her client , um , just , um , wh what was her name ? Amber ? The the girl ? Yeah .
He was o yeah .
She was always ready to bite anyone 's head off that ha had anything , you know , slightly wrong abo you know , uh , ow , or amiss about Amber .
Well , you know , you may think I 'm a little crazy , but at first when I heard about , uh , Frey , when I first heard about her , I got worried that maybe it was both of them No , yeah , may - because they 're I 've never totally believed that Peterson did this all by himself .
She may have she may have , uh , planted the idea in his head , you know .
Yet something tells me , and I think that he actually was so involved her , th Amber , Yeah .
that if she had anything to do with this , I do n't think he would ever tell .
I do n't believe he would ever tell on her .
Yeah .
Uh There was the impression I got .
I kind of , uh , watched him at different times when they would mention her Yeah , he he seemed to be be very vili he seemed to be most most un at eh , un-at-ease and I just think that when they were talking about Amber .
Right .
Yeah .
Uh And that caught my eye .
I do n't know if it 's because I 'm a woman but , um , I thought , uh-oh , Hm .
because at that time , uh right now , I 've been , like , totally busy with , uh , holiday , you know , so Yeah .
Yeah .
BOGOTA , May 12 ( Xinhua ) The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) said Monday that it was prepared to exchange prisoners with the government despite the death of 10 hostages held by the rebel group .
The FARC sought the exchange of more than 70 politicians , soldiers and policemen in its control for nearly 500 rebels imprisoned by the government , said Luis Devia , also known as Raul Reyes , a FARC leader , in a letter sent to the program Noticias Uno .
On May 5 , 10 hostages held by the FARC were killed during an attempt to rescue them by the army .
The victims were Antioquia Governor Guillermo Gaviria , former Defense Minister Gilberto Echeverry and eight soldiers .
Reyes said in his letter that the " guerrilla units are in the moral obligation of saving and protecting lives and physical integrity of their prisoners .
" The rebels " in any case cannot allow to have its prisoners to be taken away by enemy forces without a military response , " he added .
The 17,000-strong FARC , the largest guerrilla force in Colombia , has been fighting a war against the government for more than 40 years , leaving 400,000 dead .
It is still holding hundreds of hostages including three Americans .
seven former p.o.w.s are getting one step closer to home .
They 'll be arriving at Ramstein Air Base in Germany a few hours from now .
Once doctors there say they are good to go , the seven will head stateside .
Doctors in Kuwait have already said the six men and one woman are in good shape , so they may not have to stay in Germany very long .
The former p.o.w.s were rescued Sunday about 75 miles north of Baghdad .
They 've been sticking close together ever since .
Medical officers say they became a team while in captivity and want to stay together as a team until it 's time to go to their separate homes .
TOKYO , June 25 ( AFP ) Major US insurance group AIG is in the final stage of talks to take over General Electric 's Japanese life insurance arm in a deal to create Japan 's sixth largest life insurer , reports said Wednesday .
American International Group Inc. is likely to acquire all shares in GE Edison Life Insurance by the end of September and also take over GE 's US car and fire insurance operations , the reports said .
The total purchase cost is estimated at 300 billion yen ( 2.5 billion dollars ) , the business daily Nihon Keizai and news agency Jiji Press said .
GE Edison Life Insurance Co .
Ltd. is a key Japanese life insurance unit of US conglomerate General Electric Co .
No officials at the AIG Tokyo office or GE Edison were immediately available to comment on the reports .
GE Edison would be AIG 's third life insurance unit in Japan following Alico Japan and AIG Star life Insurance Co .
The acquisition of GE Edison is expected to boost AIG 's annual life insurance premium revenue in Japan to about 1.1 trillion yen , ranking it sixth in the Japanese life insurance business .
LONDON , May 9 ( AFP ) A ground-breaking British budget cinema chain launched by the founder of low-cost airline easyJet announced Friday that it had finally acquired some films to show just a fortnight before it first opens .
EasyCinema , which aims to sell tickets to its no-frills cinemas for as little as 20 pence ( 0.28 euros , 0.32 dollars ) , has been locked in a bitter battle with film distributors over how it wants to pay for titles .
Rather than splitting ticket sales with distributors , easyCinema wants to pay a fixed fee for rights to show first-run movies over a fixed period , a proposal thus far rejected by the film majors .
EasyCinema founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou , who set up easyJet in 1995 and built it up into Europe 's biggest budget airline , has vowed to take legal action against the distribution firms unless they allow him access .
The deadlock , and subsequent lack of any films , has been threatening to de-rail the debut of easyCinema 's first outlet in Milton Keynes , just north of London , which is due to open its doors on May 23 .
However the firm announced on Friday that it had reached a deal with the British arm of French distributors Pathe to show four releases .
While not the latest Hollywood blockbusters , these include titles such as as recently-released US martial arts picture " Bulletproof Monk " and new British 1930s-based weepie " The Heart of Me " .
Haji-Ioannou professed himself " delighted " , but promised to push ahead in his battle with other distributors .
" The situation with the top six UK distributors representing more than 90 percent of the market is still in a deadlock , " he said .
" I have instructed my lawyers to discuss this issue with the Office of Fair Trading .
" EasyCinema aims to make its money by drawing the public in with rock-bottom prices during off-peak hours , when traditional cinemas are often almost empty , also giving the biggest discounts to tickets bought long in advance .
To cut costs , all booking is done via the Internet and the pared-down cinemas have no popcorn stalls and skeleton staff .
there is more outrage about perks for executives , both from angry employees and from shareholders as well .
Andy Serwer " Minding Your Business .
" Shame on them .
the big focus is American Airlines , the Board of the company meeting today , possibly discussing the future of CEO Don Carty , he got in trouble when he jacked up pensions of the guys in top while asking employees to take big pay cuts. $1.8 billion .
Last night , former General Electric CEO Jack Welch talked to Paula Zahn about this issue of corporate greed .
Let 's listen to what he had to say .
it 's one of the parts of America that is great .
People want more and they want other people to have less .
That 's part of the system .
And annual meeting , every year , I went they complained about executive salaries , even though the team that I managed increase shareholder value to $600 billion that Sharoners received , the larger share orns being employees .
I think it 's really a question of degree , I mean , I think that ceos should make millions of dollars running companies , there are tens of thousand employees , billions of dollars of revenue .
A million dollars is okay , maybe 5 million , $100 million to me that is too much money .
who decides that ? Seems subjective .
The board is who decides that and board is so often chock full of the ceos golfing buddies , they serve on each other 's boards and problem here is gap between what the average worker makes and CEO is making is increasing and everyone agrees that is not a good thing for this country , plus the fact , when the guys get the big packageses , so often you see the companies going down the zblubs thank you for updating us .
Back over to bill .
.
thank you .
Jack looking at SARS .
talking about the SARS threat worldwide this morning .
The World Health Organization says there are 4200 SARS cases so far , more than 250 deaths in 27 countries and there is no cure .
And nobody knows what is causing it .
The question is , would you change your plans because of the threat of SARS ? A lot of responses , as in hundreds and hundreds of them , beginning BEIRUT , April 15 ( AFP ) Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri submitted his resignation Tuesday and it was accepted by President Emile Lahoud , who asked him to stay on in a caretaker role , according to an official statement .
Hariri submitted his resignation during a 10-minute meeting with the head of state at the Baabda presidential palace , outside the capital .
The statement did not give any reason for the move , but said Lahoud would begin consultations Wednesday aimed at the formation of a new government .
Hariri has headed the country 's government for nine of the past 11 years , and highly placed governmental sources said he would probably stay on in the job .
The current government was formed in October 2000 .
Under the power-sharing arrangement reached following the end of Lebanon 's 15-year civil war in 1990 , the prime ministerial post is always held by a Sunni Muslim and the presidency by a Maronite Christian .
Married for the second time , Hariri has five children .
A businessman whose fortune is estimate at 10 billion dollars , he has interests in banking , real estate , oil and manufacturing .
He also owns a television and a radio station and a newspaper .
LONDON , May 9 ( Xinhua ) Three family members of British Muslim Omar Sharif , who is wanted for the April 30 suicide bomb attack in Israel , were remanded in custody after appearing in a London court on Friday with charges in connection with the blast .
Sharif 's wife Tahari Shad Tabussum , 27 , brother Zahid Hussain Sharif , 46 , and sister Paveen Sharif , 35 , made no application for bail at the court , according to local reports .
All of them were charged Thursday under Section 38 of the Terrorism Act 2000 , which covers failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism , said the reports .
The sister was also charged under section 62 of the Terrorism Act which covers aiding and abetting acts of terrorism overseas .
Israeli authorities have claimed Sharif , 27 , from Derby , was on the run after failing to blow himself up in the attack on a Tel Aviv bar .
Three people were killed and about 50 injured when another Briton , Asif Muhammad Hanif , 21 , from London , detonated explosives strapped to his body .
British anti-terror police arrested six people altogether in Derbyshire , central England , and London on May 2 and 3 .
The other three , two men and one woman , have already been released without charge .
a week after these pictures surfaced , and after saying he 'd fight for his job , Larry Eustachy resigned as basketball coach at Iowa state .
The damage to his credibility was too much after eustachy admitted he partied with students at rival schools , and that he 's an alcoholic .
He seeped a $960,000 buyout from the university .
There has always been that urban legend that the Israeli secret police murdered the Shah of Iran by infecting him with plutonium , which manifested itself into terminal lung cancer .
Michael O'Connor Modern Renaissance Man " The likelyhood of one individual being right increases in a direct proportion to the intensity with which others try to prove him wrong .
" Loony Arthur Balzofiore : 1953 2004 : Rest In Peace Erik L .
On 21 Nov 2004 18:39:36 GMT , mpoconn ... @ aol.comnojunk ( Mpoconnor7 ) wrote : I do n't doubt that this method has been used to remove various thorns over the years , but why on earth would Israel have wanted to get rid of the Shah ? b " When weaving nets , all threads count .
" Charlie Chan ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Wax-up and drop-in of Surfing 's Golden Years : ( ) I do n't mean to suggest that I agree with anything David Frum says , but these Arafat-had-AIDS allegations remind me of what happened with the late Israeli singer Ofra Haza , where there was a lot of speculation , a mysterious death from a " blood disease , " and then it came out eventually that she 'd died of AIDS .
( Although I would think the Israeli media , who were blamed for hushing up Haza 's cause of death , would take a unique pleasure in making the most of Arafat 's , if all this was true .
) Hulka In the previous article , Bill Schenley ( stray ... @ ma.rr.com) wrote : There 's a saying about gift horses that comes to mind. _ + _ From the catapult of | If anyone disagrees with any statement I make , I _ | 70 | ___ : ) = } J.D. Baldwin | am quite prepared not only to retract it , but also \ / bald ... @ panix.com| to deny under oath that I ever made it .
T. Lehrer *** ~~~~ ---------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------- No , they do n't .
The " suspicious evidence " is simply that Arafat did not look particularly near death when he was removed from his HQ .
He appeared alert and functioning , certainly not a week away from death from wasting .
Who really benefits from his death ? Surely not the Israelis , who had him trapped and functioning as a convenient target for blame .
Are Kissinger Associates trying to start a " Palestinian Civil War " like their Lebanese one a generation ago ? It 's hardly a similar situation. rich clancey Mathematical Jiggery-Pokery is Truth And Truth is Mathematical Jiggery-Pokery .
That is all ye need to know .
COPENHAGEN , Denmark ( AP ) Former Danish international Stig Toefting dropped his appeal of an assault conviction and will serve a four-month jail sentence , Denmark 's TV2 reported Monday .
Toefting was convicted in October 2002 of assaulting a pair of restaurant workers during a night out with national squad teammates in the capital , Copenhagen .
He was sentenced to four months in prison , but appealed .
The hearing was scheduled for April 10 .
TV2 , quoting Toefting 's lawyer Anders Nemeth , reported that that 33-year-old midfielder was ready to serve his sentence immediately .
Neither Toefting or Nemeth were immediately available for comment .
Earlier this month , Toefting said English Premier League club Bolton let him go so he could prepare for the appeal .
It was unclear whether Toefting would return to Bolton after serving his sentence .
The club said it was n't aware of Toefting 's decision to drop his appeal .
Toefting transferred to Bolton in February 2002 from German club Hamburg .
Toefting has been convicted before .
In 1999 he was given a 20-day suspended sentence for assaulting a fan who berated him for playing with German club Duisburg .
The popular player _ known for his temperament and the words `` No Regret '' tattooed across his chest _ retired from Denmark 's national team after it was knocked out in the second round of the 2002 World Cup .
Toefting joined the Danish squad in 1993 and has 41 caps .
LUXEMBOURG , June 16 ( Xinhua ) Foreign ministers of the European Union ( EU ) said here Monday that they fully supported stricter nuclear inspections of Iran 's nuclear programs by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
A statement issued at the two-day meeting of the EU foreign ministers called on Iran to conclude and implement urgently and unconditionally an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty allowing for short-notice inspections of suspected nuclear sites in the country .
It said that the EU was seriously concerned about Iran 's nuclear activities and urged it to cooperate fully with the IAEA .
" This would be a significant step in demonstrating Iran 's stated peaceful intentions with regard to its nuclear program , " the seven-point statement said .
George Papandreou , foreign minister of Greece , the current holder of the EU presidency , said he was in personal contact with IAEA Director-General Mohamed ElBaradei and would follow his lead on this matter .
EU foreign ministers reiterated that improved trade links with Iran should be conditional on Iran 's cooperation .
They also said that the EU was closely following the nuclear issue and would revert it to the forthcoming debate of the IAEA meeting on Tuesday .
a cruise ship is being searched off the Hawaii coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board .
Royal Caribbean Cruise Ship Legend of the sea diverted to Honolulu when the notes were found on board yesterday .
Passengers were taken to the ship 's dining rooms while bomb sniffing dogs went over the ship .
an airport in Key West , Florida , today became the setting of what appeared to be a desperate attempt to enter the U.S. by a Cuban national .
The man was arrested there after authorities say he hijacked a Cuban plane using what was reported to be grenades , ordering the pilots to fly to Florida .
The hijacker got off the plane wearing a jacket that said , America across the back .
And a small child clinging to his leg .
Bush , Putin pal up after Iraq spat , but Iran row simmers by Stephen Collinson = ( PICTURES ) = ATTENTION ADDS Russian foreign minister , US official quotes /// SAINT PETERSBURG , June 1 ( AFP ) US President George W. Bush and Russian President Vladimir Putin said Sunday their friendship was as strong as ever , laying aside a dispute over the Iraq war , but barely concealing a simmering row over Iran 's nuclear program .
After talks in Saint Petersburg 's grand Konstantinovsky Palace , they also warned North Korea to abandon its nuclear aspirations and signed documents implementing the Moscow Treaty , which mandates sharp cuts in Cold War nuclear weapons stocks .
Swapping smiles , handshakes and hugs at a joint press appearance after talks linked to Saint Petersburg 's 300th anniversary celebrations , Bush and Putin set out to recreate the buddy atmosphere of their previous encounters .
" Our relations are stronger than the events that tested it , " said Putin , stressing that despite diverging over Iraq , Russia and the United States had many common interests .
" It is precisely these things that enable me to call President Bush my friend , not only personally because I do like him a lot but as my counterpart and the president of a friendly nation , " he said , earning a grin from Bush .
But both men observed an uneasy truce over US concerns about Russian aid to the nuclear program of Iran , whom Bush has labeled part of an " axis of evil " that also included Iraq and North Korea .
" We are concerned about Iran 's advanced nuclear program and urge Iran to comply in full with its obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , " Bush said .
A senior US diplomat said Bushehr remains one of the biggest irritants in Russia-US relations .
" We think that it would be wise for Russia to go slow on the Bushehr project until the wider Iranian nuclear program is more clearly understood , " the US diplomat said after the informal summit talks .
" Our belief is that any proliferation , coming from any source , should be stopped .
" The United States believes that what Iran says is a peaceful civilian nuclear program is a pretext for weapons manufacture .
Washington has been pressuring Russia to stop building a nuclear power plant in Bushehr , southern Iran , which it has so far declined to do .
" I appreciate Vladimir Putin 's understanding of the issue and his willingness to work with me and others to solve this potential problem , " said Bush .
Putin insisted that the two sides were " closer than they seem " on the issue .
" We do not need to be convinced of the fact that there should no proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , " he said .
But in a sharp remark that jolted the bonhomie , Putin warned Russia was not yet ready to sever nuclear ties with Iran .
" We are against the pretext of using the nuclear weapons program in Iran as a lever in unfair business competition against us , " he said .
Bush signalled that Russia would not pay a similar price as France and Germany for opposing the US-led war in Iraq , inviting his " good friend " Putin to his weekend retreat outside Camp David in Washington in September .
Putin last visited Bush at his Texas ranch in November 2001 .
There was no word on the fate of billions of dollars of Russian oil contracts in Iraq , whose oil industry is now under the administration of the United States and Britain in line with latest UN resolutions , which Russia was persuaded to back .
But Putin noted that " Russian companies have a wealth of experience operating in Iraq and we intend to continue our cooperation in this area , with Iraq and in Iraq .
" " What the president ( Putin ) meant was that at times , and we have come across this , there were unreasonable complaints about Russian companies ' cooperation with Iran , " said Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov , pointing the finger clearly at the United States after the summit .
Bush and Putin also signed formal documents putting into effect a strategic arms reduction treaty that slashes the two sides ' nuclear weapons to a range of 1,700 to 2,200 nuclear warheads by the year 2012 .
Bush arrived in Saint Petersburg on Saturday , when he also briefly met German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , whose opposition to the Iraq war had soured his relationship with Washington , at a dinner hosted by Putin .
Bush and Putin were scheduled to leave straight after their talks for the Group of Eight summit of the largest industrialised nations in Evian , France .
BEIJING , March 14 ( Xinhua ) Most Beijing travel agencies have suspended tourist trips to the Middle East as tension heightens in the Gulf region , Thursday 's Beijing Youth Daily reports .
Out of security concerns , major travel agencies , including the China International Travel Service , China Travel Service and China Youth Tourism Service , have temporarily suspended tours to Egypt and Turkey for Chinese tourists .
According to Dun Jidong of the China Travel Service , once war breaks out between the United States and Iraq , not only will Middle East travel routes be frozen but the entire overseas travel business will be affected .
The only few travel agencies still organizing visits to the Middle East have increased their prices by 500 to 600 Yuan ( 60 to 72 US dollars ) .
An 8-day visit to Egypt and Turkey , for instance , has increased to 12,500 Yuan ( 1,506 US dollars ) .
According to a staff member with one travel agency still doing Middle East business , the increases reflect the rise in oil prices and the increased difficulty in getting visas .
Asked about the possible war , he said , if tours were curtailed because of a war emergency , the agency would refund the portion of the costs covering the remainder of the trip .
CAIRO , March 20 ( AFP ) Tens of thousands of people took to the streets across the Middle East Thursday , demonstrating against military strikes on Iraq and calling on Muslims to wage jihad against the United States and its allies .
Lebanon and the Palestinian Authority issued fierce denunciations of the US-led attacks , while the Egyptian government daily Al-Ahram warned it marked " the beginning an era of US colonisation that will benefit only Israel " .
Protests against the action aimed at toppling Iraqi President Saddam Hussein were held in cities across Libya , Egypt and Lebanon , as well as in Amman , Damascus and the Gaza Strip .
However , there were no reports of protests against the war from the Gulf states , many of whom are host to US military personnel .
Saudi Arabia , however , expressed its " deep concern " and regret over the start of US military operations .
Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal spoke of the " kingdom 's hope for a quick halt in military action and for the return to peaceful efforts " , the state SPA news agency reported .
In Riyadh 's first reaction to the start of the against , he also called for Iraq 's " unity , internal security and territorial integrity " to be preserved and rejected military occupation .
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud , meanwhile , was more forthright , strongly denouncing Washington 's " aggression " and warning that it could have repercussions beyond the borders of the pariah state .
" We have warned against the marginalisation of the United Nations ... and we see this aggression today plunging the world into a tunnel where one cannot see the end , " he said in a statement .
" For these reasons , we judge that it is necessary that the forces of peace and those who believe in right and justice take the necessary and rapid steps to halt this dangerous slide into war against Iraq which will result in heavy human and material losses .
" The Palestinian Authority also condemned Thursday 's early morning missile strikes on Iraq , and warned Israel not to exploit the conflict .
" We Palestinians are against the war and we totally condemn this war in the Middle East .
A solution must be found to this problem through diplomatic means , with the international community , " local authorities minister Saeb Erakat said .
" We are warning Israel not to exploit this war against Iraq to carry out more attacks against the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip and destroy the Palestinian Authority and the peace process , " he said .
The radical Palestinian movement Islamic Jihad warned that " the war against Iraq is a war against the whole region " , while Hamas issued a chilling warning against those taking part in the war against Iraq .
" The aggression by the vile Americans and the war against Iraq signifies a war against all Arabs and Muslims around the world , " said Hamas senior official Abdul Aziz al-Rantissi .
The war " shows the impotence of all Arab states .
We call on all Arab states to act immediately to defend Iraq and counter the US war , " he said .
" I do n't think America will win this war , as our jihad ( holy war ) and our resistance will teach the Americans and British a lesson they will never forget , " he said .
State radio in Syria accused the United States and its allies of wanting to get their " hands on Iraq 's oil and wealth and impose their hegemony on the world " .
In the Egyptian capital , 10 demonstrators and at least four policeman were injured in clashes after several thousand demonstrators took to the streets near the US and British embassies .
Riot police intervened after the protestors , who included hundreds of students from the American University in Cairo , rallied on the city 's central Tahrir Square , close to both the university campus and the US embassy .
More than 1,000 people also gathered at Cairo 's Al-Azhar Islamic University , where they burned an American flag and demanded the expulsion of the ambassadors of the United States , Britain , Spain and Israel .
Demonstrations also took place in the northern Egyptian cities of Alexandria , Tanta and Kafr el-Sheikh .
In Amman , three protestors were hospitalised after some 500 Jordanian lawyers staged a sit-in at the main court house after being forcibly blocked by riot police from marching towards the Iraqi embassy to show their solidarity .
In Lebanon , hundreds of students gathered on the campuses of the Arab University of Beirut and the American University of Beirut calling for the assassination of US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
South of the capital in Sidon , some 1,500 schoolboys denounced " the Bush assassin " and the " silence of the Arab leaders who sold out Iraq " .
Hello everyone I am attempting to learn more information about the policies of various athletic departments at schools , specifically with regards to ultimate teams .
At Northwestern , the Men 's Ultimate team falls under the Club Sports department which falls into a dark , barely lit corner of the Athletic Department .
There are some restrictions on what we can and cannot do .
The one that I am most interested in comparing to similar policies at other schools concerns our ability to travel .
At Northwestern , we are allowed to either rent school vans for no charge or take our own vehicles to tournaments within 300 miles of Evanston , IL .
Also , we are allowed to fly , take a bus , or take Amtrak to any tournament we want , no matter how far away it is .
We are allowed to compete under the Northwestern name if we take any of these options .
However , it often occurs that we want to go to a tournament farther than 300 miles without flying .
( For example , Regionals is often slightly farther than 300 miles , yet a reasonable drive .
) If we choose to do so , it is understood that we are not officially competing under the Northwestern name we are just a group of people playing ultimate at a tournament and not involving the university in any way .
Do any of you other college players face similar restrictions in your travel ? What are your schools ' policies ? I am interested in both the responses of players at public and private schools .
Feel free to email me if you do want to post to the forum .
Thanks for your help .
Cesa Northwestern d-c ... @ northwestern.edu Man ... you guys have it so sweet .
Pitt gets $2000 / year towards competition .
That means bids , hotel , transportation , jerseys ( I do have to mention , our jerseys this year are hot ) .
That doesnt go very far , and thats a hard cap on anything related to competition for all competetive club sports teams .
Next year we will be budgeting our jerseys as " practice jerseys " however , so we hope they 'll be paid for .
The point is , $2k gets us to about a tournament and a half using University transportation .
I dont know about playing officially under the university 's name , or why that matters really .
As long as the registrar signs off on the roster for the UPA , doesnt the importance of University affiliation become moot ? I should clarify that NU does not specifically pay for us to fly we get a budget as well .
We pay for our flights / rental cars out of pocket .
I am specifically interested in the " driving radius " , as we call it .
What is your school 's ? It matters for liability questions .
Cesa At SUNY Albany in NY , about as state school as you can get , we get about 500 less than what you 're talking about at Pitt .
Our school does n't really care what we do at tournaments or how far away we are .
We take our own cars to every tournament , even ones down in Maryland .
The money we get from our student association has to pay for jerseys , is supposed to help us with tournaments , etc .
Every tournament our team goes to , we each pay 10-20 bucks out of pocket .
If you are an ultimate frisbee team and sleeping in hotels ... consider yourself as spoiled as an ultimate team gets in my opinion .
You gotta learn how to save money .
Most tournaments will house you if you ask and explain your situation .
If we ca n't get housing , we camp out somewhere .
At Binghamton this year we threw up a tent on the high jump mat ( which I must say is very comfortable ) .
Regionals 2 years ago , our team and about 7 others could n't afford housing at Princeton so we camped way way out back on the fields and hung out all night .
For you northwestern guys , you really need to get in touch with someone at your school that will listen .
Our school did n't like us for a long time , but we behaved ourselves , and very respectfully approached various people , working our way up the ladder , about changing some policies .
Start off low , and work your way up .
Explain to them that if you are driving your own cars , you should be able to go wherever you want , and even throw in there if for any reason you bring shame to the university , you will go right back to the old policy no questions asked .
How often do you go to a tournament and whatever happens there gets back to administration ? pretty much never so your safe with that offer .
Another thing we did was have a lot of fundraisers on campus , entered banner contests for sporting events , etc .
Once the school saw that unlike a lot of clubs , we were busting our asses to fundraise and get involved with school activities , their whole attitude towards us changed .
Sell discs , sell pint glasses , then go to someone , more than one person , and show them what kind of effort you are putting in .
A lot of school officials do n't understand how structured ultimate actually is .
Go in and explain to them about Regionals not just being some little " get together " but actually be a championship series .
Hope my rambling gave you some ideas that might work ~ Squirrel PS CLIPBOARD NOW , SEAN FOR THE FUTURE !!!!!!!!!!! " Minutes after a massive earthquake rocked the Indian Ocean on Sunday , international ocean monitors knew that a tsunami would likely follow .
But they did n't know whom to tell .
" We put out a bulletin within 20 minutes , technically as fast as we could do it , " says Jeff LaDouce of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
LaDouce says e-mails were dispatched to Indonesian officials , but he does n't know what happened to the information .
" It looks more like the Indonesian officials were n't sitting at their computer or did n't have their email client set for 10 minute checks for new mail .
Email ! For Heaven 's sake , get with the real world .
It 's too bad those NOAA people had n't used the telephone .
I wonder if the ( few ) lives they could have saved if they 'd used a modicum of common sense will prey on their minds .
Well , I have yet to hear that scientists from any other country even made the attempt the American scientists made .
Perhaps the Indonesian government should have taken steps to set up a hotline of sorts that could be used in case of such emergencies .
As the article notes , the American scientists did not know who to contact .
That 's hardly their problem , let alone their fault .
Joe EMBASSY + TELEPHONE Peter Scientists sometimes lack common sense And you pick up the phone in the embassy .
A voice on the other end of the line says he 's a scientist with NOAA and that a tsunami is bearing down on your coastal villages and resorts .
Thousands could die .
How would you react to such a call ? I thought so .
All the more reason that the Indonesian government should have taken steps to set up a hotline of sorts that could be used in case of such emergencies .
Joe The Boston Globe points out that New England has no system in place to warn residents of tidal waves , which are known to happen off New England .
Sediment slumps on the continental slope could trigger a tsunamai affecting Newfoundland to Georgia .
The entire East Coast of the U.S. does not have a tsunami warning system .
Joe On the other hand , if you were a scientist at NOAA and were into saving people from tsunamis , you would think you might have figured out beforehand who you might call if you did get some advanced warning of such an event .
Also , the Indonesian government probably had no idea that NOAA could give them advanced warning of tsunamis so how could they know they should set up a hotline .
So it cuts both ways , the Indonesian government should have done some prior planning , but so too should the NOAA scientists .
You can bet they are figuring out who they should have call next time .
Bill " 20/20 Hindsight " Asher It 's not the responsibility of NOAA to set up hotlines to governments around the world .
The Indonesian government should have contacted the U.S. State Department and provided U.S. officials with the contact info .
Joe Do you think they warned the USAF boys in Diego Garcia ? It 's highest point is only 20' above sea level .
If the seabed slopes upward near it , one might expect nothing remains of the base and its personnel .
FWIK the Indian ocean was not considered a tsunami prone area .
Hopefully we will learn something from this and put some reasonable warning systems in place .
We just learned that our friend 's daughter when to Thailand to visit her father after the wave hit .
There has been no contact with her since she left .
Peter Welcome back to LATE EDITION .
We return now to my interview earlier today with the United States defense secretary , Donald Rumsfeld .
I know during the war , before the war , you were very concerned about the position of the Syrian government , cooperating with Iraqis , having an open border , if you will .
Has the situation improved , especially in the aftermath now of the secretary of state 's meeting with Bashar al-Asad ? Well , I guess time will tell .
I talked to Secretary Powell this morning on the phone a bit , and it 's not , I think you need to let the dust settle on that .
He 's , in my judgment , had a visit that was worth doing , and the president asked him to do it , and it was the right thing to do .
We 'll see what progress comes .
You know , words are one thing , actions are another .
But right now you 're open-minded as far as Syria on whether they will crack down on terrorism , take some of the other steps that you want them to take ? I know what they 've been doing , and it 's been unhelpful .
I know that Secretary Powell was just there and advised them that it was unhelpful , and gave them some pointers and some suggestions for the future .
In my view , they were making some unwise decisions previously .
What they 'll do after this visit remains to be seen .
The secretary of state has written you a letter expressing , apparently , some concern about the length that the prisoners are going to be spending , those detained at the U.S. Naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , about 600 or so of them .
Is there any movement in trying to determine the fate of these individuals ? I do n't think that 's quite accurate as to what he wrote me about .
All right , tell me what ... I think what he wrote me about was the fact that the inter-agency process , where we have all these FBI and Department of Justice and CIA and DIA , and what have you , involved in interrogating these detainees , it takes time to find out what intelligence they have .
It also takes time to figure out what law enforcement process might be appropriate , and what Colin and I have been concerned about , both of us , is that it 's taking so long .
There are a number of countries , and the Department of State has the responsibility of dealing with those countries , that have foreign nationals in Gitmo , in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , being detained , and those countries , understandably , would like to know when they could have those people.So the inter-agency process takes a great deal of time .
Colin and I are trying to speed up that process , and that 's what that 's all about .
Let me just , a couple of nuggets to sort of wrap up before I let you go .
Victory parades for the troops .
I remember covering General Schwarzkopf , the parades in Washington and New York after the first Gulf War .
Do you want the troops to be honored in that way when they come back , to have parades in New York , Washington , elsewhere ? There 's no question but that the troops , the young men and women , did such a superb job that there has to be a way to honor them , and there will be .
And General Franks and his team have done just a superb job for our country and for the world , and indeed for the Iraqi people , who have been liberated .
What 's the best way to do that ? In the case of 1991 , the task was to go in and get them out of Kuwait , and they did it , and they were properly greeted coming back to the United States .
In this instance , it was a very different task .
It was to remove that regime , and it 's part of a global war on terrorism that is not over .
We still have to face the problem of a number of global terrorist networks and terrorist states that exist , that work with those global networks .
And on the one hand we will , in fact , find a way to honor the courage and dedication and talent of these young men and women , and we 'll do it well .
Whether it will be modeled off the 1991 thing , I do n't know .
I kind of doubt it , because it 's such a different circumstance .
Certainly , our war plan was not modeled off of 1991 .
One final question on North Korea .
If the North Koreans pursue their nuclear weapons ambitions ... Yes .
... a preemptive strike , is that something that is out there ? I 'm not one who speculates about things like that .
I know that back in the 1990s , in the Clinton administration , Secretary Perry called in the former secretaries of defense , and we had a discussion , and they clearly had teed up a military option that they were considering , and they then at a certain moment were able to do some things that persuaded them that that was not appropriate .
But those are very serious issues , and I leave them for the president .
13 .
War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah , Iraq .
Much of the country is unstable , but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January .
Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq ? If not , what should we be doing intstead ? Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place , and if not , then what ? Yeah , hi , my name is Joe .
Hello ? Hello ? Okay , hang on just a sec , would you please .
Okay .
Okay .
I had to put my hearing aid on .
- kay .
Oh , okay .
So , uh , I just talked to someone yesterday about the problems in Iraq .
Oh , you did ? Oh , okay .
I did n't - Oh .
I did n't get a call yesterday but , um , my my name is Joe and what what is your name ? I 'm Tom .
Tom , okay .
Where are you from ? Uh , Pocatello , Idaho .
Idaho , oh , okay .
C I 'm in Connecticut .
Mhm .
Say again ? I said , I 'm in Connecticut .
Oh .
(( T I have a )) Got a I 've got a son close to there , eh , Philadelphia .
Oh , okay .
Well , that 's not too far .
Yeah .
Well , I have a nephew , he just got back from Iraq .
Oh , yeah .
He was in the army and he 's going to probably be going to Afghanistan he told me .
Um , Again ? Well , yeah , he 'll be going well , he 's not sure yet because he 's in the army and , uh , Oh .
he did n't get his papers where he 's going to be c he 's in upstate New York right now but he 's going to have to probably go back to to either Iraq or Af Afghanistan .
Yeah .
So , he does n't know .
He 's not sure .
Well , that 's not fair .
I I did n't know they could send them more than once .
Oh , well , there there 're been people that have been I do n't know if you 've been watching Sixty Minutes , there was a story of this lady that was her she 's a , um , uh , what do you call it , um , uh , reservist Uh-huh .
and she did her time back in the sixties and she 's like fifty something years old now .
And they 're going to call her to go .
You got to be huh .
My goodness .
Yeah .
Yeah , they do n't they do n't have , um see what happened with the , um , the volunteer army , they 're not getting enough people , so they 're thinking of maybe get putting in a draft .
Ah .
Eh , she was ar she was already in the service and they 're calling her back in ? Was in the service , she yep , she did her time .
She thought she 's still in actually she 's still in the service , Oh , yeah .
but she did her time .
Oh , oh , she 's still in the service .
Yeah .
Okay .
So they might she this is what the story was about and there 're some people that do n't want to go .
Yeah .
You know , so , but it 's it 's kind of a scary thing and I do n't know if the United States is doing the right thing .
I do n't know , to tell you the truth .
I do n't think so .
I I kind of lean - Uh , I think I think Bush is , uh , trying to you know , his his dad pulled everybody out when they just , uh , kicked people out of , uh , Kuwait .
Kuwait .
Yep .
Okay , he wants to make sure everything 's done over there before he comes back .
Yeah , he wants to finish the job that his father That 's what I think .
started , pretty much .
That 's why his father did n't want to invade Iraq , because of all these problems they 're having now .
He knew that there was going to be look at all these insurgents .
Look at what happened a couple days ago , they killed , um , like seventy people .
They put a bomb right into where the the , uh , Oh , man .
Well (( )) guys where stationed there in Iraq .
well , what 's the the the You know , I did n't en vote for George Bush .
I do n't know why how he got elected , I mean , there 's a lot of people that did vote .
I do n't either .
I did n't either vote for him either time , Yeah .
you know .
Well , but , I mean , you know , I do n't see what he 's doing , I mean , look all the people that are leaving his cabinet and their calling for , um , Run Rumsfeld 's regigna resignation and , uh , even John McCain , he 's a Republican , he wants him he wants Rumsfeld to get out of there .
Yeah .
I nev eh , (( Cool .
)) have you noticed how many of his , uh , um , staff Yeah , they 're all has resigned ? gone .
Yeah , look at Colin Powell , look at , uh , George Yeah .
Tenet .
Uh , he 's had , uh , quite a few .
He 's had at least , at least eight at the the last count I checked , probably more .
Yeah .
The Homeland Security guy , um , R - Tom Ridge , he 's Well , yeah , and and they named another one and he resigned .
gone .
Yeah , that guy Bernard , uh , the guy that was New York mayor .
Or , not the mayor the New York police department chief or whatever .
Eh , he quit , or he resigned .
Something about , um , he had a legal maze or something .
Yeah , it 's all you know , I I I do n't know if we 're doing the right thing because now look at Iran , what are we going to be , uh , and he he 's talking about trying to invade Iran now .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) U.S. forces tightened their grip throughout Baghdad , entering the city for the first time from the north , seizing a military airport and battling snipers and Republican Guard fighters .
Meanwhile , the U.S. military faced sharp criticism over assaults that killed three foreign journalists .
Pentagon officials said Tuesday they did n't know whether Iraqi President Saddam Hussein died in the U.S. airstrike on a Baghdad neighborhood the day before .
The strike destroyed three nearby houses and killed at least two people .
U.S. Marines battled snipers as they fought deeper into the capital from the east .
They seized the Rasheed Airport and captured enough ammunition for an estimated 3,000 troops .
Ominously , they also took a prison where they found U.S. Army uniforms and chemical weapons suits possibly belonging to American POWs .
Some army units routed Iraqi fighters from a Republican Guard headquarters inside the capital .
Others discovered a 12-room complex inside a cave , complete with white marble floors and fluorescent lighting .
Members of the U.S. Army 's V Corps opened up a new front by entering Baghdad from the north .
The toll on Iraqi civilians four days after Americans first penetrated the Baghdad outskirts is unknown .
But the World Health Organization said Baghdad 's hospitals were running out of supplies to treat the burns , shrapnel wounds and spinal injuries caused by the fighting .
Iraqi officials , however , remained defiant , saying Iraq 's forces would never surrender to American forces : `` They will be burnt , '' said Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf .
In central Baghdad , a Reuters cameraman and a cameraman for Spain 's Telecinco died when an American tank fired on the Palestine Hotel .
`` The incident ... raises questions about the judgment of the advancing U.S. troops who have known all along that this hotel is the main base for almost all foreign journalists in Baghdad , '' Reuters Editor-in-Chief Geert Linnebank said .
Tareq Ayyoub , a journalist with Al-Jazeera , died when a U.S. warplane bombed the Arab-language satellite television 's office .
An Abu Dhabi TV office in Baghdad also was hit .
Al-Jazeera categorically denied that its Baghdad bureau had been used by Iraqi forces to fire on U.S. troops .
U.S. Central Command said it fired on the TV office and the hotel after U.S. forces came under `` significant '' fire from those buildings .
Associated Press photographer Jerome Delay said he watched from the top floor of the hotel as American tanks took up positions on the bridge .
`` All the shooting was concentrated on the bridge and across the river , '' where U.S. forces were located , he said .
It was not clear whether any Iraqi leader had been killed in the airstrike targeting Saddam in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood .
Iraqi rescue workers pulled two bodies from the rubble but said the toll could be as high as 14 .
`` I do n't know whether he survived , '' U.S President George W. Bush said of Saddam at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
`` The only thing I know is that he 's losing power .
'' Iraq 's U.N. ambassador , Mohammed Al-Douri , said Tuesday he believes that Saddam is alive , although al-Douri acknowledged he has not communicated with Baghdad .
Bush and Blair sought to minimize their differences over who should govern and rebuild Iraq .
Blair favors a stronger U.N. role than Bush .
`` There will be a vital role for the U.N. in the reconstruction of Iraq , '' Blair said .
`` But the key is that Iraq in the end will be run by the Iraqi people .
'' In northern Iraq , Kurdish forces tightened their ring around Kirkuk on Tuesday , following heavy coalition airstrikes on Iraqi fronts .
Kurdish militia took control of Sekamian plateau , about 10 kilometers ( six miles ) north of Kirkuk , Kurdish media reported .
The area affords a commanding view of the city and the vast oil fields of Iraq 's No. 2 oil region .
The U.S. military said two planes had been lost .
An A-10 `` Warthog '' warplane was shot down near Baghdad , believed to be the first fixed-wing aircraft downed by an Iraqi surface-to-air missile since the war began .
U.S. Central Command said the pilot ejected , was recovered by ground forces and was in good condition .
A U.S. F-15E jet fighter also went down early Monday and a search was under way for its two-man crew , the military announced Tuesday .
Officials did not say whether the plane was shot down or crashed accidentally .
British forces in southern Iraq worked to restore order in the heavily looted streets of Basra , as desperate citizens swarmed water tanker trucks the day after British soldiers claimed Iraq 's second largest city .
British forces also began establishing the country 's first postwar administration Tuesday , granting a local sheik power to set up an administrative committee representing the groups in the region .
9 .
Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election ? What did you think of the two candidates , George Bush and John Kerry ? What about the Vice Presidential candidates , Dick Cheney and John Edwards ? What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for ? If you did n't vote , why not ? John in Denver .
Hi , this is Ivan in Wisconsin .
Ivan in Wisconsin ? Oh , I 'm I grew up in , uh , hour north of Milwaukee , like , eh , uh , West Bend , er , uh , Fort Washington area .
Yeah , I 'm , uh , between Lake Geneva and Kenosha .
Oh , okay .
Yeah .
Cool .
Um , man I thought I , uh , put this whole election stuff behind me .
Yeah , I in fact , I thought we already had a discussion on this , uh , about elections some time back , but I guess it was question was framed differently , I guess .
Uh-huh .
Well , um , Yeah .
I did vote .
Mhm .
And , um , elections wore me down .
I was pretty tired of all that , you know , all the commercials and all the hype and I do n't know .
It it we have lunch at work and the whole lunch time all you do is see commercials about the politicians and , you know , all that kind of stuff , um , Mhm .
yeah .
Yeah , I , uh , I voted .
Uh-huh .
Um , uh , and , uh , yeah , I feel the same way .
I get regardless of what year it is or who the candidates are I get tired of listening to it .
It basically all of it 's the same thing all the time and , uh , Uh-huh .
they , uh , tell you the same thing and then they turn around and do something different all the time anyway , so it 's I do n't know if it 's , uh , I guess it 's wor worth voting , but sometimes I wonder .
Right .
Right .
Was n't , uh , Wisconsin was like a swing , er , uh , they were really pu or no it was Ohio , I think , was the really , uh , Yeah , Ohio was th the big swing one .
It was big upset .
Right .
fairly close here , It was , yeah .
uh , uh , it was , uh , it went , uh , what color was it ? Blue I guess it was .
Right .
And , uh , My uh-huh .
yeah , go ahead .
Well , my parents live back there still .
Uh-huh .
In fact , we just got back from Disney World , you know , about an hour ago and they 're down there and they 're but they 're both , uh , Oh .
one 's one and one 's the other Uh-huh .
so they arg you know , they just go and vote and cancel each other out , you know .
Yeah , uh-huh .
Yeah .
Yeah .
And , uh , kind of funny , so .
Um , I do n't know .
I guess we 'll just have to see what happens with , uh , Mr. Bush .
Hopefully it 's good choice , you know , Mhm .
I do n't know .
Wow , you really - I di I did n't have a lot of faith in any of them , really , nah .
er , I mean , I I did n't really know what was the perfect choice .
No , they 're , ah , I ca n't ever remember a perfect choice and I 've been voting since , uh , Nixon McGovern , uh , so Right .
I , uh , I 'd I 've never ever seen a perfect candidate .
Right .
But that 's Yeah .
th that 's to be expected , I mean , you know , they 're all human beings .
Ca n't please everybody .
Yeah .
Yep .
And , uh , as far as what I thought of the various candidates , uh , you know , I guess we said what we said about Bush , but , uh , Kerry , I do n't know , it 's just that coast , uh , kind of persona or image , t , uh , I do n't care for , for one thing .
Uh-huh .
From Massachusetts i candidate .
Right .
And , uh , Cheney which he 's kind of out your way , uh , Wyoming .
Uh-huh .
Uh , uh , he 's kind of a non-descript person , as far as , like I I 'm sure he 's he 's probably a nice guy , and a lot of fun at a party probably , I do n't know , but , you know , just from what you see of him , he 's just kind of kind of like an old grandpa , you know .
Yeah , he 's real grouchy .
Yeah , he just In those debates he was like a pitbull .
Yeah , yeah .
You know , he would c him and , uh , I mean , uh , I do n't know , he he kind of picked apart Edwards Mhm .
and , um , but then Edwards fought back kind of you know and then all the stuff you hear about Edwards too , about the , uh , how he 's a trial lawyer and how he made all his millions suing insurance companies and , um , you know , there there 's bad stuff you hear about both of them that , you know , obviously they want to tell you Yeah .
Yeah .
that I did n't like .
And , I guess I did n't really like that , uh , uh , Kerry was , like , changing his story all the time , like , oh , I I believe in this but , uh , no I do n't but yes I do and , Yeah .
you know .
I 'm kind of a cut and dry kind of a guy .
Yeah .
If you got an opinion I 'd rather just want you to tell me straight up and not Yeah .
try to beat around the bush to get my vote or something like that .
Yeah , yeah .
Yeah , I guess to a certain degree they they , uh , I guess try to play to the middle and try to please as many people as they can but Kerry was just all over the map .
Right .
BLOEMFONTEIN , South Africa ( AP ) South Africa 's Supreme Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday against a state request to retry the head of apartheid 's germ warfare program , once accused of plotting to poison Nelson Mandela .
Wouter Basson was acquitted in April 2002 on 46 charges , ranging from murder and drug trafficking to fraud and theft .
Basson was accused of directing South Africa 's former apartheid regime 's biochemical efforts aimed at destroying its opponents .
The ruling by judges Piet Streicher and Mohamed Navsa of the Supreme Court of Appeal , the highest appeals court in the country , means that Basson cannot be tried again and his acquittal stands , the South African Press Association reported .
The state 's appeal was based on the judge refusing to recuse himself during Basson 's 2 1/2-year trial .
The prosecution alleged presiding Judge Willie Hartzenberg favored Basson .
The appeal judges found Hartzenberg 's refusal did not relate to an error of law on his part .
Basson headed a program named Project Coast in the 1980's .
During the trial witnesses testified that the project involved trying to create deadly bacteria and anti-fertility drugs that would only affect blacks .
They poisoned opponents ' clothing and stockpiled cholera , HIV and anthrax .
The alleged intended victims included former President Nelson Mandela and several African National Congress leaders who are now high-ranking government officials .
He had also been accused of siphoning millions of dollars from Project Coast to finance a lavish , globe-trotting lifestyle and of selling drugs .
( sapa-es-dk ) Thanks very much , Judy .
With the power out now in Baghdad , we 're getting word that loudspeakers have been blaring in the Iraqi capital , urging citizens to go to the international airport there , presumably to defend it against coalition forces .
Now that armored columns of U.S. - led troops have reached the outskirts of Baghdad , eyewitnesses report fighting and shelling around Saddam Hussein International Airport .
In the final push to Baghdad , U.S. forces face limited resistance from Iraqi troops .
But the Pentagon believes some Iraqi Republican Guard units have withdrawn to the capital for what could be their last stand .
Farther south in Basra , smoke rose over the city as coalition vehicles moved in today .
British forces say they 're consolidating their position in Basra 's key suburbs .
And in northern Iraq , Kurdish political leaders and members of the Iraqi opposition are engaged in talks with U.S. military commanders .
They reportedly are exploring the option of joining forces against Saddam Hussein .
Coalition forces launched their latest advances toward Baghdad in the pre-dawn hours today , heading toward the Iraqi capital from the southeast and the southwest .
The forces encountered limited resistance along the way and are now poised for the final assault not far from the edge of the city .
Reporter Carl Dinnon of Britain 's ITN filed this report .
Baghdad is now within striking distance as troops make their final thrust through the desert .
Wrecked armor by the sides of the road suggests there has been some Iraqi opposition .
But by and large , the Republican Guard has either been destroyed or has withdrawn .
And the way seems to be open for coalition forces to close in on the city 's southern limits .
At daybreak , U.S. troops pushed through the outskirts of Karbala on the road to Baghdad , capturing a key bridge on the Euphrates River .
Meanwhile , coalition commanders posted American special forces were now operating at will .
These dramatic pictures show a raid on a presidential palace less than 60 miles from Baghdad .
It seems to have been abandoned , but the United States said it was still on the trail of Saddam and his closest circle .
We remain cautiously optimistic .
We do n't think that the fighting is over yet , and so there are still options available to the regime , including the use of weapons of mass destruction .
We take that very seriously .
We take it in a sober fashion .
And at the same time , we remain prepared to continue operations .
The Americans say they 've destroyed two divisions of the elite Republican Guard .
( on camera ) : The Medina division , which is one of the toughest outfits in the Republican Guard is now down to 10 percent of its fighting strength .
That means it 's practically inoperative .
Others are down to 50 percent , but there 's still one or two divisions around 75 , 80 , 90 percent of their fighting strength , and they could still put up very stiff resistance , indeed , when the American forces get en masse to Baghdad itself .
( voice-over ) : The noose appears to be tightening on Saddam Hussein .
The question is , how desperate he will get before he is finally toppled .
Carl Dinnon , ITV News , Iraq .
In the southern city of Najaf , home to one of Islam 's holiest sites , moments of tension that could have gone either way earlier today .
Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the behest of a Muslim cleric .
Angry locals who did not understand their intentions clearly showed their intentions as well .
CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is in Najaf .
We 're going to get to him shortly .
But Judy Woodruff , back in Washington , has breaking news Judy .
Turns out the August 2003 crisis was not a crisis Everyone has heard the story : Beatriz Marinello was elected USCF President on August 11 , 2003 in Los Angeles .
Immediately after she took office , she found out that the USCF had no money in the bank , zero .
The USCF did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded US Open in Los Angeles .
Therefore , on August 20 , 2003 , bravely Beatriz walked into the USCF Offices in New Windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members .
John McCrary resigned from the board as a result .
Of course , it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people Beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the USCF in 1999-2000 .
It took six weeks before the USCF paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the US Open .
I have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time .
The USCF did not have zero money in the bank .
It had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about .
This was not due to any malfeasance .
The office accountant for the USCF had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the US Open into that account .
Nobody knew about that separate bank account , except for the accountant herself .
When this was discovered , the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out .
Perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the USCF for scholastic tournaments .
At scholastic tournaments , no cash prizes are paid .
However , in adult tournaments , the players expect to receive their prizes , and to receive them immediately .
For this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the USCF , the accountant was immediately fired .
Had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known , it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away .
Perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them , but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly , in the same day .
Sam Sloan Bullcrap .
He was embarassed by how Niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus .
He was asked to wait until after the LA meeting was over before resigning .
Yes , Sam , you are correct .
And I knew about it also .
I also knew about the $100,000 + of audit adjustments ( and non-adjustments ) for inventory , unbilled advertising , newsstand sales , tournament revenues , pension & amp ; health insurance over-accruals , multi year membership revenue , etc. etc. that I was too sick to argue with Linda and the auditors about .
I knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004 .
And , of course , that is what happened .
I just had no idea that the new Board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff .
Not only was there adequate cash put aside , we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move .
But I did n't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary .
We also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4 % bank financing in Crossville .
Staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move , Miami , PBG , Crossville or elsewhere .
To make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for McCrary & amp ; Camaratta 's departures .
When I offered to attend the Board meeting in October 2003 to explain and clarify all this , I was told I was not welcome .
I sat in New Windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so I could answer EB questions and shed light on the situation .
It is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to Crossville , including ( remarkably ) the employee of the year ! You can read all this in my book coming out next summer .
Thanks for seeing the truth for a change .
Best wishes to all , Frank Niro In a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 AM Eastern Standard Time , My biography changed completely 5 years ago when I contracted a very severe case of fibromyalga .
Usually I say nothing about it although it has severly limited my life , no truthly changed it completely ! This time I decided to just say it up front and go back and talk about the good old days , when life was a kick ! I now live in Watertown , MA , 12 miles from Boston 's Logan airport , in a lovely two family house I bought as an investment with my boss , my 9 year old Yorkshire Terrier , Teddy ! I just turned 50 years old this Christmas .
When I had a j.o.b .
I ran a software company for a few years and then started my own company , Pinnacle Business Enterprises and was under a 5 year exclusive contract with PriceWaterhouoseCoopers doing a lot of interesting things like Business Process Engineering , processes but mostly people and the effect new process would have on them .
Showing them how to invite change into their lives because it freed them from the mundanne tasks and allowed them to use their great creativity instead of their backs .
I 'll get on to the more fun stuff ( read embarrassing , teasable stuff ) in a minute but just one business story .
Those of you in Louisianna are very familiar with what used to be The Akzo Salt Mines .
On a client visit one day , unexpectedly , they dressed me up in safety equipment and ran me down the mine shaft .
I mention this because I never really got over , after that , how much we take advantage of evryday things ... like the salt on our tables or the rock salt that keeps the northern cities moving in the winter ! After I learned how to breath with my emergency apparatice I was driven around to see the manufacturing sites .
I 'm sure we are all familiar with those Yellow Tonka trucks little boys play with and move dirt from one place to another .... well just imagine an ENTIRE UNDERGROUND CITY with a variety of those types of trucks ( erath movers , backhoes etc ) EXCEPT the tires alone are 8 foot tall ! Its then that I realized that life is ever so much more then you can see on the surface in all aspects ! Ok Chris ... here comes the stuff you can pay me back with .
I am an excellent dancer , started before I could walk .
I 've studied ballet , tap , toe , jazz and modern and studied opera singing for a while .
Due to the medications necessitated by my illness , I have lost 150 lbs twice , and in between illnesses , I modelled for several of both trendy and elegant boutique and department stores as well as did runway work .
One day I 'll show you my portfolio .
I grew up in what at that time was rural NJ and my father was an avid hunter and sportsman .
My father , way ahead of his time in his thinking , was an equal oportunty thinker ... that is why I can and love to shoot skeet , was a champion archer as a child , learned to camp and hike and drive a speedboat , kayack of course canoe and when I recover Chris , I will join you white wather rafing because I have only done level three but what an unbelievable rush !! I love to craft , I knit , crochet , make furniture , paint and garden .
I consider myself and " ALL AMERICAN GIRL " when that was n't a politically incorrect phrase to use .
I am single , and I teach religious education to teenagers as a challenge and as service to God ... but mostly because they are some of the most interesting , difficult people you can teach ... but I love them and once you teach them , they are GOLD .
Both my houses , in NJ and Boston are always open to friends and those who would be friends .
And now I 'll stop because I can see Chris getting ready to give me the hook .
My contact info : Jo-Ann Bellucci jbellu ... @ comcast.net 888-616-3404 follows me no matter where I am .
We 've been hearing about the situation in northern and southern Iraq .
Now to central Iraq , where coalition forces say they are now in charge .
And they are coming across some major munitions finds .
The caches were apparently abandoned by retreating Iraqi forces .
One such cache turned up in the city of Karbala , a strategic military point about 60 miles to the south of Baghdad .
CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is embedded with the 101st Airborne Division , and he has the story .
Can you show us what you 've been finding today ? Roger .
Well , this is about the third cache we 've found today .
We 've been finding them nonstop , and it 's a really tedious affair .
I 've got an assortment of weapons right here , ranging from AK-47s , to over here , behind them , you 'll see mortar sights , 60-millimeter and 81 .
Off on the far left , you 'll see a second-generation starscope , kind of outdated , but still works .
If you keep shifting over , you 'll see stabilizer fins for mortar rounds .
On the back here , you 'll see both 60 and 82-millimeter mortars .
These are well equipped .
Well , they 're very well equipped .
Definitely put up a fight .
Rocket-propelled grenades .
Been finding a lot of these lately .
These could take out a Jeep or a Humvee in a heartbeat .
Now , is this a you said you 'd seen a lot of weapons caches recently found .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Is this a large cache ? No , I 'd say this is about a medium cache .
What ... This looks like a lot of weapons .
It looks like a lot of weapons , but it 's really not .
This technically , this would probably would outfit a platoon , a platoon of ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
OK .
Keep going on .
This is a little bit more advanced , these are 25-millimeter shells , and each one of those silver boxes you see behind them hold 50 of these shells .
That 's a little bit above us .
That 's actually going into mechanized and armor .
All right .
And you were talking about the makers , where some of these weapons are coming from , and you were expressing surprise to me .
Roger .
A majority of these are coming from ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) on this box , but Jordan and France .
We have a very scattered , limited , and Russian equipment , but like I said , France and Jordan are the main suppliers right here .
Now for your guys , this is dangerous work , finding ... It 's yes , it 's extremely dangerous , because once you enter these buildings , we found , actually , enemy , you know , guarding these sites .
Do n't know if they 're going to be booby trapped .
Do n't know what what 's going to be there .
So it 's very tedious , it 's got to be careful about it .
Well , we 've heard a whole lot about Iraq 's use of human shields in defending key sites .
Coalition fighters , though , use a different kind of shield .
In a CNN exclusive , CNN 's Kyra Phillips offers us a ride-along over the city of Baghdad with some airborne bodyguards .
We wo n't consider the mission a success unless the Marines are happy with the product .
They are coalition bodyguards over Baghdad , an airborne shield to U.S. Marines .
Let them know what 's coming .
Let them know if anything is coming back behind them on their franks to close off the supply lines .
You 're now airborne over Iraq with Commander Steve Kroto 's ( ph ) Gray Knights , the Navy 's P-3 eyes in the sky .
Any kind of forces that look like they may be threatening the Marines , you know , we want to let them know .
And we have the capability to send pictures or actual video , and then they can make ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) if they want to maybe avoid that area or go ahead and go out and engage those folks .
Dodging missiles and triple-A fire is something new to this squadron .
However , protecting forces on the ground is n't .
( on camera ) : These men are about three hours into their mission , and the sun is starting to set .
They 've just come across one of the Marine convoys that they need to track , so they 're watching every move that the Marines make as they move towards Baghdad , making sure they do n't come across any type of threat .
We 're getting closer to it .
Also on this mission , Marine Colonel Jim Lukeman ( ph ) and Sergeant Emilio Hernandez .
They are tracking and talking to their fellow Marines on the ground ... Two vehicles move across the bridge ... ... making sure they do n't get ambushed .
I 'm looking for enemy positions out to the front .
We 'll look at the routes ahead of where our guys are going to go and try to see what enemy is there .
Lukeman is warning his troops about a bridge ahead .
He does n't like what he sees .
The Gray Knights fly closer and grab a clearer picture .
There 's some vehicular traffic , so that we know the bridge is still intact .
They may be Iraqi military .
So now that the Marine division on the ground has that information , they 'll take that action they 'll take action tactically on it .
These flights can last up to 15 hours , but it 's the minutes of realtime intelligence that completes the mission .
When you 're on the ground fighting , every piece of information you 've got about what you 're coming up against is golden .
Commander Steve Kroto brings his crew home after locating enemy positions and surface-to-surface missiles .
It keeps the Marines safe .
And one more safe Marine is one more Marine that can continue on north to Baghdad .
Flying over Iraq , Kyra Phillips , CNN .
Coming up , we are going to go live to Fort Bliss , where the name of that base is a far cry from the mood there today , after confirmation that more of their own were killed on the battlefield .
the slogan makes for a powerful bumper sticker guns do n't kill people , people do ! But this next story makes the case the slogan does n't go far enough .
A better one might be , people do and people die and still other people search their souls and struggle for redemption .
The story from " Newsnight 's " Beth Nissen .
reporter : It was the lead story across Connecticut in early April , police say Jennifer o'conner , a Connecticut woman with a history of psychiatric problems confessed to shooting her daughter 7 , while the 7 year-old girl lay sleeping. o'conner told police she could no longer cope with her daughter daughter 's learning , disability prps Sara Dade three days later .
Thomas , owner a local gun and motorcycle shop , said he felt gutted when he saw the news reports of o'conner 's vest on murder charges .
as soon as the police officers pulled the gun out and held it up , I knew it was my rifle .
reporter : had sold oconer the rifle a few months before .
she explained to me she .
Ed a lighter , smaller caliber hunting gun for deer hunting , for medium-size game hunting .
reporter : followed the letter of Law .
He sent oconeor 's information to the state authoritys for a background check .
Once she was cleared , he made o'conner wait for a minimum .
Two weeks .
He DAVAO , Philippines , March 4 ( AFP ) At least 19 people were killed and 114 people were wounded in Tuesday 's southern Philippines airport blast , officials said , but reports said the death toll could climb to 30 .
Radio station DXDC placed the death toll at 30 , without giving a source for the figure , which officials could not immediately confirm .
The Davao Medical Center , a regional government hospital , recorded 19 deaths with 50 wounded .
Medical evacuation workers however said the injured list was around 114 , spread out at various hospitals .
A powerful bomb tore through a waiting shed at the Davao City international airport at about 5.15 pm ( 0915 GMT ) while another explosion hit a bus terminal at the city .
There were no reports of injuries in the second blast .
" It 's a very powerful bomb .
The waiting shed literally exploded , " said Vice Mayor Luis Bongoyan , speaking to local radio station Television footage showed medical teams carting away dozens of wounded victims with fully armed troops on guard .
Many of the victims were shown with hastily applied bandages , and teams of nurses and doctors were seen in packed emergency rooms attending to the wounded .
convicted rapist and Max Factor Heir Andrew Luster is back in California .
Luster returned to Los Angeles yesterday from Mexico following his capture Tuesday by American bounlty hunters .
Luster skipped bail during his trial in January for raping and drugging three women .
He was sentenced in an Sten Shah to 124 years in prison .
Former Illinois Senator Carol Moseley-Braun recently decided to run for president .
Early reviews have not been good , so yesterday she announced she 'll be making some changes .
Not to her ideas , which are few .
Not to her record , which is pretty embarrassing .
Not even to her staff , which is , of course , tiny .
But to her name .
From here on out , Carol Moseley-Braun as Carol Moseley Braun .
Did you catch the difference ? In the second version , there is no hyphen between her last names .
Moseley Braun expects that primary voters in Iowa and New Hampshire will react enthusiastically to this radical , grammatical transformation .
They 'll have to , because the latest CNN poll shows Moseley Braun far behind the candidate she set out to discredit .
That would be , of course , the honorable Al Sharpton .
Sharpton is not only by far the first choice of black voters nationally , he is tied with Senator John Edwards among all voters and beating Governor Howard Dean , Representative Dennis Kucinich and Senator Bob Graham .
Beating them .
And Al Sharpton did n't even have to change his name .
How did he become honorable ? Yes ! You become honorable by winning an election of some sort or having a high post , being an ambassador or a governor or some thing .
By embodying the values of your party .
Your values , not mine .
He 's the No. 1 pick , the most popular , among all candidates , among black primary voters .
I mean , you ca n't dismiss him .
He 's a serious candidate .
We have n't even begun the primaries .
He 's not a serious candidate .
He 's right wing fantasy and it 's never going to happen .
Not right wing .
Take Al Sharpton seriously , that 's our message tonight .
In a moment , we 'll ask two members of Congress if they 're convinced that war is the only way to make Saddam Hussein disarm .
Later , the pope practices religion and a little anti-war politics on the side .
Then , can you spell prosthetic nose ? Maureen Orth can , and she does in a new " Vanity Fair " profile of Michael Jackson .
We 'll talk to her .
You wo n't want to miss that .
We 'll be right back .
The administration 's approach to history is at odds with what has been described by a communications adviser to the president as the " reality-based community .
" A dumb phrase , but not a dumb thought : He meant that the administration sees history as dynamic and changeable , not static and impervious to redirection or improvement .
That is the Bush administration way , and it happens to be realistic : History is dynamic and changeable .
On the other hand , some things are constant , such as human imperfection , injustice , misery and bad government .
This world is not heaven .
The president 's speech seemed rather heavenish .
It was a God-drenched speech .
This president , who has been accused of giving too much attention to religious imagery and religious thought , has not let the criticism enter him .
God was invoked relentlessly .
" The Author of Liberty."" God moves and chooses as He wills .
We have confidence because freedom is the permanent hope of mankind .
.
.
the longing of the soul .
" Ending tyranny in the world ? Well that 's an ambition , and if you 're going to have an ambition it might as well be a big one .
But this declaration , which is not wrong by any means , seemed to me to land somewhere between dreamy and disturbing .
Tyranny is a very bad thing and quite wicked , but one does n't expect we 're going to eradicate it any time soon .
Again , this is not heaven , it 's earth .
god drenched ? he 's in good company. read lincoln 's rather short 2nd inaugural it 's about as " god drenched' as you could get. way more so than bush 's ( god , He , the Lord , etc.) over and over and over again. considering the brevity of the speech , you could barely fit any more " god 's " and such in the address without buying vowels and consonants from vanna at a 5 fer 1 speshul price. carry on , peggy whit To put it simply ( for your benefit ) : Lincoln spoke * of * God , demonstrating the irony of a war fought between people with more similarities ( their religious beliefs among them ) than differences .
Dubya spoke * for * God , demanding that we should all fall in line behind him , because he 's got The Plan , and God 's On His Side .
Pure religious jingoism .
My favorite part of the speech , though , is this line : bull and he has made the point repeatedly in interview after interview that he has never claimed to speak for god , nor has he claimed that this is " god 's war " it 's a bunch of histrionic rubbish and complete evasion from the fact tht lincoln 's ( wonderful ) second inaugural was much more " god drenched " than bush 's I guess it 's a matter of personal taste .
Some people like Barry Manilow .
It seems to me Bush is getting a bit pie-eyed and mystical .
He 's carrying out God 's destiny to liberate mankind , and trusting in God to deliver a favorable outcome for a just cause .
That is a fine sounding theory , but the results of Bush 's policies look worse every day .
Charlie BEIJING ( AP ) Talks between North Korea , the United States and China ended Thursday with U.S. State Department officials saying it was uncertain whether discussions on Pyongyang 's nuclear program would continue .
Although North Korea accused the United States of leading the region toward war in its state media , U.S. officials denied reports the talks had broken down .
North Korea also hinted during the meetings that they have nuclear weapons and may conduct a test , a U.S. official said .
Earlier , Secretary of State Colin Powell had told a gathering of experts from the Asia-Pacific region that the talks had concluded , leaving the impression there would not be a third day of discussions on Friday .
Powell also expressed hope that South Korea and Japan will be able to participate `` when and if '' there is another round of talks .
`` North Korea should not leave the meetings having the slightest impression that they might force us to make a concession we would not otherwise make , '' he added .
But U.S. State Department officials , asking not to be identified , said there may be more meetings on Friday .
They said reports of a breakdown in the talks were a `` misrepresentation .
'' One official said : `` We had the opportunity to say what we needed to say and to hear what the North Koreans wanted to tell us .
'' A U.S. official said the North Koreans implied during the talks that they have nuclear weapons and that they may conduct a test .
But the official said there are no indications a test is imminent .
He acknowledged that preparations for an underground test could be concealed .
According to the official , a North Korean nuclear detonation would deplete by half their estimated stockpile of two weapons .
In Beijing , chief U.S. negotiator , Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly , declined to answer questions , saying only the sides `` had talks .
'' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao refused to provide details , but said the talks were `` conducive to mutual understanding and finding ways to resolve the North Korean nuclear question peacefully .
'' Discussions were scheduled to end Friday , when Kelly was to fly to Seoul the same day to meet with South Korean officials .
The talks are the first high-level U.S. - North Korean contact since tensions over the North 's nuclear program spiked six months ago over Washington 's claim that the North said in October it was trying to develop nuclear weapons in violation of a 1994 pledge .
The North has disputed the U.S. claim .
Washington and its allies suspended fuel shipments to North Korea as punishment .
The North retaliated by withdrawing from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , expelling U.N. inspectors and restarting a plutonium-producing reactor .
North Korea , which is seeking a guarantee from the United States that it wo n't be attacked , ratcheted up the threat of conflict in a statement issued by its official Korean Central News Agency accusing Washington of escalating tensions .
The North 's leaders fear they could be the next target for U.S. military action .
`` The situation on the Korean Peninsula is so tense that a war may break out any moment due to the U.S. moves , '' the KCNA statement said .
It said relations with the United States had hit `` rock bottom '' because U.S. President George W. Bush named North Korea as part of an `` axis of evil , '' along with Iran and Iraq .
KCNA said the war in Iraq had shown the only way for a country to protect itself was to have a strong military deterrent .
Officials from Seoul and Washington say the swift U.S. - led victory in Iraq prompted North Korea to agree to the nuclear talks .
North Korea said the `` master key '' for successful talks was for the United States to drop its hostile policy toward Pyongyang .
In a likely reference to North Korea 's demand for a nonaggression treaty with Washington , KCNA said : `` The U.S. should settle the talks from a sincere stand and strive to settle the essential issue .
'' Washington has refused to offer a formal treaty but says it would consider some sort of written assurance .
The North also likely wants aid for its economy , which has been crippled by the loss of Soviet subsidies and years of drought and mismanagement .
North Korea and China fought against the United States in the 1950-53 Korean War , which ended without a peace treaty .
North Korea and Washington have no formal relations and are still technically at war .
China , the North 's ally and major aid donor , says it does n't want Pyongyang to acquire nuclear weapons and has appealed for a negotiated settlement to the crisis .
A U.S. official praised the Chinese contribution to the discussions .
He said China 's delegate specifically called for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and made specific reference to a 1992 promise Pyongyang made to South Korea not to develop nuclear weapons .
Ri Gun , deputy director of American affairs for North Korea 's Foreign Ministry is representing North Korea at the talks .
China 's delegation is led by Fu Ying , director general of the Asian Affairs Department of its Foreign Ministry .
a series of commercials people are not as fond of featuring carrot top as he pitches for one of the oldest and most reared corporations in the land , at & amp ; t .
We 're training here ? train your finger to dial up the center .
It 's free for you , and cheap for them .
carrot top 's major exposure on the tube is n't just something that makes us curious .
" Fortune " magazine looked into his commercial appeal .
There must be some .
Andy can explain why he 's a hot commodity .
no , I ca n't explain at all .
I want to sound off .
This blows my mind .
Probably the most annoying person on the planet .
I do n't say that lightly .
The most annoying person on the planet .
Here is this old blue chip company that uses him as a pitch man .
I 've never heard of this guy before they started doing these commercials .
Now he 's more and more famous .
He 's hitting on girls , advertising long distance .
What this is carrot top ? Does anyone like carrot top ? It 's disgusting .
I actually he flew under my radar .
I called Atlanta to get background on this guy .
The San Francisco Chronicle did a survey with its readers of most annoying celebrities famous for just being famous .
Carrot top .
Kathy Lee Gifford number two .
he has n't a celebrity until at & amp ; t ever made him one .
Anybody call you carrot top ? Auburn top ? nobody 's a celebrity until the media makes him one .
Do n't be picking on my friend Susan .
You 're really exercised about this .
He 's trying to make a living .
Has Somebody from your magazine spent time with him ? yes , and hates him as much as everyone else does .
He spent time with this guy and there was Stockholm Syndrome , he ended up liking the guy .
maybe he 's a Nice Guy , it does n't have to be Stockholm Syndrome .
in defense of Carrot Top , he knows he 's insane and annoying and acknowledges it .
he wrote carrot top is one of those C list celebrities who wormed their way into your consciousness without you knowing how it happened .
here 's a story about a kid who 's stormed into our consciousness , Lebron James .
The high school basketball phenom out of Ohio .
He just signed , only 18 , a senior , has not played one nanosecond in the NBA yet .
Yet already signed a sneaker deal that AP reports is worth more than $90 million .
Lebron James is expected to be Cleveland 's top pick after they won the number one pick in the NBA lottery .
Nike is hoping the phenom will help boost their sales of basketball shoes to that crucial team market .
And of course everybody 's got an opinion whether the kid is going to skip college and go right into the pros , worth this kind of money .
This is mega bucks .
They only paid tiger woods $40 million for his deal coming out of Stanford University .
But he had an amateur golf career where he posted scores and did things comparable to what is done on the PGA tour .
Nobody knows if this kid can play against Shaquille o'neal or not .
Nike and NBA are looking for the next big thing .
It 's not only of course his basketball skills , which is unquestionable .
But his personality .
Then if in fact the team he ultimately plays on , whether the Cleveland Cavaliers , or somebody else , whether they actually are any good .
name the starting five of of the cavaliers .
I ca n't , that 's my point .
they had the lowest attendance in the NBA .
I checked it out .
This guy , It 's always difficult to get used to a central fact of the modern economy : The best new technology will keep getting better at an absolutely astounding rate .
Usually , the improvement curve flattens pretty fast the usual auto industry / computer industry comparison works just fine ( According to the standard urban legend , Bill Gates notes that " If we 'd been making cars instead of software , you 'd get 500 miles to the gallon , need an oil change every 250,000 miles , and be able to replace your car for $200 , " to which a mythical GM executive replies " Ah , but if Microsoft made cars , they 'd crash three times a day , too ! " ) .
Anyway , a few announcements during the last two days underscore the fact that the growth in memory and processing power for computers is far from over : Hewlett-Packard is developing a new replacement for the transistor , and a consortium of software companies is backing a new technology that would allow discs to hold up to a terabyte of information .
No idea where this will end up : It 's not altogether rare that these announcements result in a very expensive project to develop something that , for whatever reason , is n't worthwhile to consumers .
But it 's important to remember that the status quo is never more than a snapshot investing as though it 's permanent is a recipe for disaster .
Yesterday , there were scenes of jubilation in Baghdad , today , a suicide bombing and firefighters , grim reminders that , as U.S. Central Command put it , Baghdad is still an ugly place .
CNN 's John Irvine has this profile of a city literally teetering on a razor 's edge .
Getting acquainted , very deliberately , the U.S. Marines are trying to strike up a rapport with the people who are now their responsibility .
But there are still problems bringing control to Baghdad , particularly at nighttime .
In the pitch black of a city without power , these soldiers manning a roadblock became nervous .
Stay the ( EXPLETIVE DELETED ) back ! Back up ! When a car fails to stop , it 's the cue for a violent gun battle .
Bullets are sprayed everywhere .
In parts of Baghdad that the Americans have n't yet reached , there has been looting .
This man took the horse from a stable at the home of Uday Hussein , Saddam 's eldest son .
We found the house , a large , gaudy structure , a place that just a few days ago people did n't even look at for fear of their lives .
This indeed was one of Uday 's homes .
Here , the ruling family could look out over the Tigris .
People have wasted no time clearing the house and wrecking what could n't be easily taken .
( on camera ) : They have n't quite worked out just how to reach this will chandelier yet .
But , other than that , they have stripped this place bare in less than 24 hours .
Call it plunder , if you will , or perhaps payback .
( voice-over ) : These Iraqis were rifling a home of a senior member of the Mukhabarat , Saddam 's dreaded secret police .
It also seemed to be some kind of monitoring station .
There was sophisticated equipment here .
In the basement , we found burning archives and evidence of electronic surveillance .
This had been a nerve center for spying , a place from where the bully boys kept tabs to keep control .
( on camera ) : We 're now in the bowels of a secret police monitoring station .
Look at all this gadgetry , quite sinister really , part of the apparatus of Big Brother .
( voice-over ) : These people are stealing from a shopping center .
It has become widespread , but it 's not being done with total impunity .
These thieves are trying to flee the German Embassy , having been shot at by a guard .
John Irvine , ITV News , Baghdad .
Two of my nephews were excluded from their brother 's wedding this weekend because they are not LDS .
Of interest , neither went to the reception either .
Both were extremely hurt , particularly since they know their brother could have had a civil ceremony and then been married in the temple later .
I was offended because one of those nephews and I are very close , and he was really upset .
The groom said " it was n't quite what I had expected .
" The bride is not quite able to speak in front of strangers , so I do n't know what she thought .
She did tell my niece that she thought her husband was a good catch -- RM attending BYU and all that .
I got a sort of an icky feeling when I realized the only people who did attend the kid 's wedding was his unmedicated bi-polar mother and his father , who suffers from Alzheimers .
Regards , Lee , the James , uM , feminist The religion that is afraid of science dishonors God and commits suicide .
Ralph Waldo Emerson That 's sad , Lee .
I really think it 's time for the church to admit that a civil ceremony followed by a temple sealing reaches the same goal , often in a more loving way , than insisting that only the sealing is worth doing .
A change of that sort would be very simple to implement , and most church members would like it better than allowing non-LDS family members into the temple , which would actually be my preference .
There 's been a thread recently in one of the exMo fora about a woman whose bishop , who she had been planning to have marry her , was going out of town , so she asked the stake president , who she did n't know well .
He insisted that he needed to make the point , as part of performing the ceremony , that she really needed to be married in the temple , even though her fiance was not LDS .
She ultimately declined his services .
How to get the message across to young people that considering the feelings of their family is just as important as being sealed for time and all eternity ? I do n't know .
It would have to be some sort of grassroots movement , I think , since it 's not likely to come through official , correlated channels .
Peggy A dog can never tell you what she knows from the smells of the world , but you know , watching her , that you know almost nothing .
Mary Oliver * shrugs * I chose to have a civil ceremony largely because my wife and I were both converts and a temple ceremony would have excluded both families completely .
From a family standpoint it sounded liek a good decision , harmony and all that ... plus the temple ceremony could be sealed a year later .
Unfortunately we started off on the wrong foot for a lot of reasons and the marriage did n't last .
I ca n't help but wonder if perhaps we did ourselves a diservice by not getting sealedi ntially , and making our marriage a gospel focused one .
Who 's to say .
It 's a tough decision to make and despite the feeling I myself caved I feel people should be understanding of the rationale .
For my part if we had been sealed intially there simply would n't have been ANYONE there and both our families had harsh feeligns about the church as is , and a sealign would have only created more disharmony .
For my part though , I think we started the marriage with a compromise and deined ourselves tremendous blessing and ultimately paid the price .
Hmm ... I wonder how many success stories are out there from people who chose to have a civil ceremony , and went on later to be happily sealed .
I know that was what happened with my own parents , largely because their decision to get married and my father 's decision to join the church came very close together , and they did n't want to wait the year until he would be able to enter the temple .
They 're still together after more than 55 years .
We know that some of the American troops now fighting in Iraq are longtime veterans of warfare , probably not most , but some .
Their military service goes back to the Vietnam era .
Others , though , are novices .
So what is it like for them to face combat far from home ? For an idea , here is CNN 's Candy Crowley with some war stories .
They are , we are told , well trained .
This is a messy business .
There 's nothing very pretty about the training that you take to prepare you for combat , because it is to kill people .
In the spring of 1970 , a squad of U.S. soldiers spotted a small unit of Viet Cong that had been circling for days .
Staff Sergeant Tom Ridge opened fire .
A Viet Cong soldier dropped dead .
( on camera ) : Did you at the time or have you since looked back and pondered on killing someone ? Mm-hmm .
And what 's that like ? That 's one of those introspective times where it 's just it 's just an introspective time , not a public time .
Duke Cunningham was a Vietnam fighter ace shooting down five enemy planes .
After his first , he returned to a ship deck full of sailors and crew cheering , shaking his hand , pushing in to slap his back .
And one of the guys looked at me and says : Duke , what 's it like to kill somebody ? And , all of a sudden , bang , it just hit me .
You do n't think about those things .
And it 's removed .
It 's far off .
It 's not in close .
And I went to the priest , because it bothered me .
I knew I could do it again .
But I did n't know it was going to bother me as much as it did .
And it still does .
Of all the wounds time does not heal , the ones that fester deep in the soul are the wounds you inflict .
It 's not something that civilized people do .
You do n't it 's just not it 's not a matter of being tormented , but troubled in the sense that that 's not what we do , unless we 're called upon to do it , under the most extreme set of circumstances .
War may sometimes be a necessary thing , but it can never be a natural thing .
Training bridges that gap .
Sergeant Chuck Hagel was seriously wounded twice in Vietnam .
You are trying to kill people , because the alternative is , if you are in combat , you will be killed .
So your choices are not varied .
It 's very simple .
And so you do what you 're trained to do .
You do what you 're there to do .
And , in Vietnam , it was body count .
Training is what keeps you running toward the front while trucks loaded with dead bodies pass you , going the other way .
It 's hard to explain what training can do .
Training sets your mind to respond not to common sense and judgment , but to training .
You really do n't have time to think : I 'm going the wrong way .
I should be going the other way .
Later , when he was wounded and trapped behind enemy lines in Korea , Staff Sergeant Charlie Rangel led 40 men , fighting their way to safety .
He won a Bronze Star .
If you 're killing people , it 's out of fear , not really , in my opinion , out of bravery .
Nobody is looking for medals .
Everyone wants to live another day .
Do n't misunderstand .
Rangel , Cunningham , Ridge and Hagel are all proud , decorated combat veterans .
It 's just , a decade later , killing still troubles the soul .
Maybe that 's a good thing .
( on camera ) : Did you do it again ? I did .
I shot down four more MiGs .
And I often told myself I said that , if I ever get used to this , I should n't be here .
Candy Crowley , CNN , Washington .
Remarkable interviews and a reminder that what these men and women are going through right now in Iraq , they will remember for the rest of their lives .
That 's our coverage this hour .
senators and a good teacher believes in the possibilities of every boy and girl .
The good teacher sees what is possible .
A good teacher believes in the responsibility of every school to bring out the best in every student .
And 2001 , we passed what 's called the no child left behind legislation .
I Love Tha phrase , because it 's a commitment of our nation to make sure that not only does every child excel , but no child gets left behind .
Members of both parties , both Republicans and Democrats came together to pass this law inherent in the law is the vision of high standards .
And money to meet the standards .
An historic reforms .
All of which put the education decisions of America in the hands of teachers and principals and local officials .
But we also said that as we seek excellence for every child , we must design accountability systems at the state level to determine whether or not each child is learning .
In order to make sure no child gets left behind , we must understand whether or not each child is learning to read and write and add and subtract .
If there are , there will be plenty of praise .
If not , we will work to design programs to make sure no child gets left behind .
That 's the crux of the law .
Every state met the laws January 31st deadline for submitting their accountability plans for approval .
I 'm pleased to announce that secretary page has approved plans from Arkansas , Missouri and Washington State. which bring the which bring the total number of approved plans to 16 covering 16 million children in public schools across America .
Secretary Page and his department will continue working with the rest of the states to get the plans approved as quickly as possible .
People are responding to the challenge at the local level .
People are beginning to develop the accountability systems to show your states and your communities that you 're doing your job .
Leaving no doubt in the minds of the parents and taxpayers and citizens , some of whom praise public schools , some are critical of public schools , that you 're performing .
They will understand why you 're here being honored in Washington , D.C. as one of the top 54 teachers around our country .
Education reform depends on good laws and good plans but you and I know it ultimately depends on good teachers .
Last June states submitted to the Department of Education Strategies for ensuring that all teachers are highly qualified .
By this September , states will assess the programs they expect to make by 2005 and 2006 school year .
The Department is working with states to help teachers meet new definitions of teacher quality , so that every classroom will have a well-trained highly effective teacher like you all .
Our 2003 national teacher of the year is an example of the highest professional standards .
And the finest personal qualities .
Betsy Rogers teaches first and second grade students and leads Alabama .
She is an accomplished teacher with 22 years in the profession .
She could have her pick of any school .
Yet she chooses to teach in the school in an underprivileged rural area because she believes that devoted teachers and principals can make a difference in the lives of students from every background .
Teaching is a tradition in Betsy 's family .
Her grandmother was a teacher .
Her mother taught Sunday School for 50 years .
And her own career Betsy Rogers is known for a commitment to students that goes beyond school hours .
She gives before school tutoring to students who need extra help learning to read .
And volunteers on school committees after hours .
She attends sporting events and birthday parties for her students .
She helps the familiar list of disadvantaged students through local church and community groups .
Betsy also encourages her students to help each other no matter what your circumstances in life , you can always give .
Teachers like Betsy Rogers put children on the road to becoming good citizens .
As importantly , successful adults .
They show students that there are a lot of caring people ready to help along the way .
I thank every one of our teachers of the year for your determination and your love .
Each of you is an example of excellence in the classroom .
Each of you is a model for a young teacher to follow .
And your students are fortunate to have talented and good-hearted people in their lives .
And our nation is fortunate to have you in the classroom .
Thank you for your work .
May God bless what you do .
And now I 'm pleased to introduce the national teacher of the year Betsy Rogers .
[ applause ] EL SEGUNDO , California ( AP ) Shaquille O'Neal 's wife gave birth to a baby boy early Saturday , eliminating any chance that the Los Angeles Lakers center might skip a playoff game to witness the birth .
Shaunie O'Neal gave birth to the couple 's third child at 1:52 a.m. at a Los Angeles-area hospital , team spokesman John Black said .
He did not provide the baby 's name or other details .
O'Neal was excused from Saturday 's practice .
He was scheduled to fly on his own to Minneapolis late Saturday for Sunday 's opening game of a first-round playoff series against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
`` We 're really happy for the delivery of a child and the fact that everything 's safe and sound and we can go forward from there , '' coach Phil Jackson said .
`` Hopefully he can get to Minneapolis , get some rest and be ready to play the first game .
That 's a pivotal game for every team .
'' O'Neal had said he could not rule out missing a game to witness the birth .
The due date was April 27 , the same day as Game 4 of the best-of-seven series between the Timberwolves and the Lakers .
Teammate Kobe Bryant said he would not be surprised if O'Neal had a big game Sunday despite his expected late arrival in Minneapolis .
`` You just roll off the adrenaline , '' said Bryant , who scored 48 points in a 2001 playoff game at Sacramento after leaving the team to attend to a personal matter .
The birth comes days after the death of O'Neal 's maternal grandfather , Sirlester O'Neal .
Funeral services are expected to be held this week in South Carolina , Black said .
O'Neal is expected to attend .
Dell is involved in a class action suit for " bait and switch " , where a nurse claims Dell switched parts and charged her for the more expensive items , and for promising " easy credit " for which no one qualifies and then charges ridiculously high interest rates. * TimDaniels * It seems someone did not read the credit terms , before purchasing item , " buyers ' remorse " .
And lawyers trying to make a buck from it .
Hope federal tort reform gets passed by the congress , so we can get rid of these charlatans .
Rich / rerat ( RRR News ) ( message rule ) (( Previous Text Snipped to Save Bandwidth When Appropriate )) i agree that the buyer probably did n't read the credit terms to find themselves with an unexpected rate ... i always see that " for qualified customers " in all of their advertisements that probably releases them of any wrong doing ... but i also believe in the court systems so let it take its course and see what happens .
the only tort reform that i think should be done is to cap fees that lawyers are allowed to extract for class action suits .
i feel that there is a valuable public service that comes from class actions suits which is to keep companies on the straight and narrow so that they avoid such actions ... but from a monetary perspective the only real winners from class actions are the lawyers .
i remember once receiving a fifty cent check in an envelope with postage of at least half that amount for the great 17 " monitor class action suit .
Then there was the class action suit against Gateway brought by some Philadelphia lawyers a number of years ago .
Gateway advertised and stickered many of its 486 computers as " Pentium Ready " , meaning that a special Type 3 ZIF socket Pentium OverDrive could be installed and run .
Micronics designed the motherboards used by Gateway , and the basis of the design was a prototype Pentium OverDrive with an internal write-through cache , a more conservative cache design .
Then Intel changed the Pentium OverDrive , and the final version had a write-BACK cache .
When installed in a Gateway system , the chip ran slower than slow , maybe about as fast as an IBM AT , and bus-mastering devices like NICs and SCSI cards refused to work .
So the lawyers sued Gateway , and the settlement approved by the judge consisted of megabucks for the lawyers and coupons to owners of Gateway 486 computers .
The coupon was good for $50 off on the purchase of a Pentium OverDrive processor from Gateway , at its usual inflated prices !!! So , let 's see .
What does a discount coupon for a processor I ca n't use in my system do for me ? I wonder how many people gleefully cashed in their coupons and bought Pentium OverDrives from Gateway .
Intel eventually compensated by making available an " interposer " , a little socketed thingie installed between the Pentium OverDrive and the ZIF socket .
The sole purpose of the interposer was to raise a signal on the CPU to force its cache to operate in the write-thru mode which was compatible with most ZIF Socket 3 486 motherboards .
Needless to say , this was the least successful " OverDrive " CPU ever done by Intel .
The 486-DX4 OverDrive was OK , as were several Socket 5 Pentium OverDrives and the Socket 8 Pentium Pro OverDrive .
Finally Intel gave up on OverDrives ... Ben Myers Believe it or not there are companies that go over the line and need to be hit with a stick called a law suit .
It seems the fear of law suits is the only thing that keeps some of these crooked companies in line .
The government sure does n't have the resources or desire to pursue them so it 's left to the private sector to protect themselves .
Lawyers are bounty hunters of sorts .
BTW , I hate lawyers but there are times that they are useful .
Some are sleazebags but that can be said of most professions .
There has to be at least a little threat of " let the company beware " to maintain a balance otherwise it 'll be open season on consumers .
The only people who profit from class actions are the lawyers .
Since companies are going to be sued in class action , regardless of the merits of the case , the threat of a class action is not a detriment .
If you do n't believe that , witness the Vioxx lawsuits .
The company making Vioxx determined it might increase mortality and pulled it from the market .
Because of that , it is being sued .
The companies making similar drugs ( Celebrex and Bextra ) did not pull their product from the market .
They are not being sued .
Doing the right thing provides no protection from class action .
All class actions do is enrich lawyers and raise costs to everyone .
The cost of class actions is factored into the cost of everything you buy .
WASHINGTON U.S. intelligence officials now believe North Korea is developing the technology to make nuclear warheads small enough to fit atop the country 's growing arsenal of missideS ( potentially putting Tokyo and U.S. troops based in Japan at risk , according to officials who have received the intelligence reports .
In the assessment , which they have shared with Japan , South Korea and other allies in recent weeks , officials at the Central Intelligence Agency said that U.S. satellites have identified a sophisticated new nuclear testing site in an area called Youngdoktong .
At the site , equipment has been set up to test conventional explosives that , when detonated , could compress a plutonium core and set onfe nuclear explosion .
[ oMa intelligence officials believe that the existence of the testing range is evidence that the country intends to manufacture much more sophisticated weapons that would be light enough to put onto its growing arsenal of medium and long-range missiles .
Previously , U.S. officials had said they were uncertain whether North Korea had received enough outside technical help to even attempt to make such a `` miniaturized '' nuclear warhead .
The new testing capability would suggest that the North Koreans are getting closer _ now , officials said , the intelligence reports say they could do in in as little as a year or less .
But officials say there is no sure way of knowing that they can until they actually test one .
Senior administration officials say that Washington has been trying to convince Asiagent that it requires a unified diplomatic front to force the country to give up its weapons .
The new intelligence is apparently being marshaled to support the administration 's argument .
According to officials who have been briefed on the U.S. reports , conventional explosions simulating a nuclear detonation have been set off at the testing site , which is near North Korea 's main nuclear complex .
North Korea has never tested a nuclear weapon , though the CIA long ago estimated that it manufactured two crude devices in the late 1980s or early 1990s .
North Korea , unlike Iraq , has made no secret of its plan to develop nuclear weapons .
Now , administration officials say they fear that the country is on the verge of producing five or six new weapons , some of which might be miniaturized .
`` This would give them the range they never had before , and the chance to spread their threat far beyond South Korea , '' said one senior Asian official , noting that approximately 60,000 U.S. troops are based in Japan .
`` It changes the dynamics of the problem .
'' The new intelligence estimates provided to Asian allies , however , left it unclear how quickly the North could produce the small warheads .
The worst-case estimate , officials say , is that they could do so in less than a year .
( STORY CAN END HERE .
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS .
) U.S. satellites have been watching North Korean nuclear activity intently since late last year , when the North evicted international inspectors .
Those inspectors had stood guard over a collection of 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods , which can be reprocessed into weapons-grade plutonium .
In January the country began to re-start its nuclear rexrOgessing equipment , which had been mothballed for nearly a decade under a 1994 agreement with the Clinton administration .
But according to U.S. officials , it now appears that North Korean engineers ran into technical problems in restarting the facilities .
While intelligence officials have reached no consensus , they told allies last week that in the worst case , only a few hundred of the 8,000 rods had been converted into plutonium .
It would take 1,000 to 1,500 rods to make enough plutonium for a weapon , experts say.O `` What we are told is that it would take perhaps six months after that to produce a miniaturized warhead , and put it into one of the missiles , '' said one senior official who has recently reviewed the intelligence .
`` But after Iraq , who knows how good those estimates are ? '' After the claims made about prohibited weapons in Iraq , which have not been found so far , skepticism about the quality of U.S. intelligence is widespread .
And in the case of North Korea , as in Iraq , the immediacy of the threat depends on whose analysis seems most compelling .
So far , U.S. intelligence has picked up almost no sign of the telltale krypton gas that is released into the atmosphere when nuclear fuel rods are converted into weapons-grade plutonium .
This has led some analysts to argue that the North Koreans may be farther from producing a weapon than feared a few months ago .
But others note that trucks were seen carrying the rods out of their normal storage area months ago , and it is unclear where they are _ or even whether the United States is sniffing for the krypton gas in the right place .
`` We do n't believe that the main reprocessing facility has been very active , '' said one senior administration official in a recent interview .
`` But could there be a second reprocessor ? No one knows for sure .
'' Without question , though , North Korea 's capabilities greatly outstrip anything Iraq has had in the past decade , and North Korea 's program is probably several years ahead of Iran 's .
President Bush and South Korea 's new president , Roh Moo-h is unclear whether they interpret the meaning of that phrase the same way .
Bush has said he wants a diplomatic solution to the problem , but would not foreclose any option , including military options .
Roh has said any pre-emptive strike against the North 's nuclear facilities could prove disastrous .
SINGAPORE , May 30 ( AFP ) Singapore doctors will proceed with an unpredecented and risky operation to separate a pair of adult Iranian twins joined at the head , a hospital official said Friday .
The official , who asked not to be named , said the decision to go ahead with the operation is expected to be announced to the media on Monday by doctors and executives of Raffles Hospital , where the surgery will be carried out .
A team of specialists here have been conducting tests on the female twins , Laleh and Ladan Bijani , since last year to determine if the operation can be successful .
The twins , both qualified lawyers aged in their late 20s , are joined at the head and the operation involves separating two individually functioning brains encased within a single bony structure , neurosurgeon Keith Goh said in December .
The pair flew to Singapore last year after hearing of the successful surgery on Nepalese babies Ganga and Jamuna Shrestha , who were separated in a 97-hour operation at a hospital here .
Attempts by Laleh and Ladan to have their operation elsewhere in the world were rejected , with doctors in Germany saying one or both of them could die .
NEW YORK , March 11 ( AFP ) The world 's most powerful fine art auction houses , Sotheby 's and Christie 's , have agreed to pay 40 million dollars to settle an international price-fixing scam , Sotheby 's said .
The payment , if approved by the courts , would settle a slew of suits by clients over auctions held between 1993 and 2000 outside the United States , it said in a statement .
" Under the terms of the settlement agreement , Sotheby 's and Christie 's will each pay 20 million dollars , " said Sotheby 's , which operates in 34 countries .
The deal required threatened British and Canadian claims against both auction houses to be dropped .
Buyers and sellers also would have to agree not to pursue further cases in foreign courts .
The litigation covers buyers in auctions outside the United States between January 1 , 1993 and February 7 , 2000 , and sellers between September 1 , 1995 and February 7 , 2000 .
Similar claims over US-based auctions were settled in an agreement struck in September 2000 for a total of 512 million dollars .
In December 2001 , a Manhattan jury convicted Sotheby 's main shareholder and former chairman Alfred Taubman of entering into a price-fixing agreement with Christie 's .
Four months later , the billionaire was sentenced to one year in prison and a 7.5-million-dollar fine over the price-fixing , which prosecutors said had cost clients of both firms 400 million dollars .
Christie 's was not prosecuted in the United States after its management agreed to testify against Sotheby 's and provide documents needed to prove fraudulent intent .
Together , Sotheby 's and Christie 's control more than 90 percent of the fine art and antiques market .
Sotheby 's said it would record the 20-million-dollar settlement as a special charge for 2002 .
It would be funded in two payments of 10 million dollars each upon preliminary and final court approval .
MOSCOW , April 17 ( AFP ) Silence is golden especially when your hand is weak top Moscow policy analysts said in an assessment of the fallout from Russia 's vocal opposition to what turned out to be a swift US-led campaign in Iraq .
Several top diplomacy experts told a Kremlin-run forum that countries like China and India that said little about the conflict before its March 20 launch were already reaping the benefits .
Some suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin will now be scrambling to contain the damage to his once-budding friendship with US President George W. Bush because he was poorly advised by his intelligence and defense aides .
One analyst said China which like Russia and France wields a UN Security Council veto but never threatened to use it to prevent the war recently won its role as chief mediator between the United States and North Korea because other regional powers ' confidence in Russia fell as a result of its Iraqi diplomacy .
" We are losing our positions in Asia because ... this failure of a strategic triangle that ( Foreign Minister Igor ) Ivanov invented with Germany and France , " fumed Andrei Piontkovsky of Moscow 's Center of Strategic Studies .
Negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang on their nuclear dispute have been set for April 23 in Bejing and are widely seen here as a blow to Moscow efforts to stamp authority on the region by organizing such a meeting .
Meanwhile the European " peace camp " troika finds itself in tricky diplomatic isolation from Washington .
French President Jacques Chirac received only a reserved response when he tried to mend fences by placing a telephone call Tuesday to Bush .
Meanwhile German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has not spoken to Bush since several weeks before the start of the war .
But not everyone here agreed that Moscow 's diplomatic relations with Washington had suffered as badly .
Most agreed that Russian diplomacy miscalculated and urged Putin to quickly reassess the quality of his advisers .
" Our analysis of foreign policy is lacking and often reverts to Cold War stereotypes , " said former deputy foreign minister Anatoly Adamishin .
" We were so proud of forming an antiwar bloc with France and Germany but nations have not been forming such blocs for at least 12 years and someone in Moscow should have understood that it was impossible to avert this war .
" " Our main goal now is to make sure that our relations with the United States do not suffer further and I think this is possible .
" US diplomats have hinted in recent weeks that Washington 's anger with European resistance to the campaign was focused more on Paris and to a lesser extent Berlin than it was with Moscow .
Putin last spoke to Bush on April 5 at the US president 's own initiative .
They are scheduled to meet next in the Russian leader 's native city of Saint Petersburg in late May .
" We lost nothing and won nothing this was not our war , " said liberal lawmaker Irina Khakamada of the Union of Rightist Forces .
" We showed the Americans that we would not give up on our position in Iraq cheaply and we did not .
We should continue sticking to our principles .
" Khakamada argued that the United States would also need Russia 's help " to make the new Iraqi government seem legitimate .
" Most analysts linked Russia 's opposition to a war in Iraq to fears that it will lose oil contracts that were sealed with the now-toppled regime of Saddam Hussein .
The floodgates of Iraqi oil are also now likely to open to world markets and hurt Russia 's budget revenues which are heavily reliant on revenues from its own energy exports .
But few at the Kremlin forum suggested that Putin 's own standing among voters will be hurt by Russia 's apparent diplomacy failures .
Putin will face re-election in March 2004 and analysts noted that the war while opposed by most Russians was never turned by the Kremlin into a matter of national security .
" I do not think that this will affect the elections unless Russia 's failure in Iraq is presented as an issue of national security and has not been yet , " said Viktor Kuvaldin of a research center funded by former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev .
Thanks , Wolf .
And we will see you then .
Well , as coalition forces push ahead in their bid to capture Baghdad , big questions remain about Saddam Hussein and his whereabouts .
It is still not clear , looking at the latest tapes of the Iraqi president , whether he 's dead or alive .
CNN senior international correspondent Nic Robertson , who was expelled from Baghdad , is with us now from the border of Iraq and Jordan , on the Jordanian side , to talk about what 's happening in the Iraqi capital .
Nic , we 're getting information in bits and pieces about the incursion by coalition land forces , about air flights over the city .
Help us pull it all together .
Well , from what we hear from sources in Baghdad this evening , it had been mostly quiet in terms of bombing throughout the day in Baghdad .
Then there was a large explosion not far from the hotel journalists are staying in in the center of Baghdad .
Along the riverfront there , there are a number of Ba'ath Party houses and buildings that appear to be have some sort of military function .
It 's not clear exactly what the target was .
What we 're hearing from Iraqi people in the capital today is that they know and they have seen coalition forces in the southwest of the city , in the southeast of the city .
They say they have also seen coalition forces and believe coalition forces have a checkpoint on the northern outskirts of Baghdad as well .
So as far as the Iraqi people are concerned , they are very aware that coalition forces are right on the perimeter of the city .
Our sources are also telling us that Iraqi forces are massing artillery pieces and tanks at a number of locations on the southwestern edge of the city .
These locations , actually , very close to the center of Baghdad and appear to be forming something sort of front line against the coalition forces .
Now , Iraq 's minister of information today said that the coalition did not have control of the airport , that this was some sort of contrived video from the first day , and that , in fact , hundreds of coalition soldiers had been killed , and their graves were now at the airport .
He did promise to take journalists to the airport , however , he never made he did n't make good on that promise throughout the day .
The information minister also read a statement from President Saddam Hussein today , the Iraqi leader calling on people to be resolute , to be strong , and saying that if they put up a good fight , then the coalition would eventually back down .
But to harm the enemy more and more , go against the enemy and destroy the enemy and follow the plans that you got in writing .
God is great .
May the criminals lose .
Now , representatives of the committee the International Committee for the Red Cross , who have been to some of the hospitals in Baghdad , report higher-than-usual numbers of casualties coming into those hospitals .
We had a chance in the morning to go to the main hospital , which is called Yarmuk ( ph ) , and we found there has been a steady flow in of hundreds of casualties , all over the night and through into the day , casualties I mean , war wounded had to be sent over , dispatched to other hospitals , because this Yarmuk was just totally overwhelmed by the sheer number of people coming in .
Now , these Red Cross representatives say that most that two-thirds of the casualties they 've seen in this particular hospital are , in fact , military casualties .
And Iraqi officials promise to take journalists to this particular hospital , the Yarmuk Hospital , that is now located , it 's on the southwest of Baghdad , and it appears to be pretty much between the position of where coalition forces have been seen and where Iraq now has a militarized front-line position .
Now , when journalists were taken to see that hospital , twice they were turned around and told that they were n't actually allowed to go inside that hospital , Judy .
Nic , when you say Iraqis are seen now putting artillery pieces out and around the city , are you saying out in the open , where they can where they are vulnerable , or are they making any attempt to hide them ? Give us clearer picture of that .
One of the areas where I understand they 're locating tanks and artillery pieces is the Zawara ( ph ) Park .
This is fairly central in Baghdad on the edge of a government area .
It is a garden it is a large garden-type area for people to take their children to go and play .
It 's there 's a small zoo there as well .
It is , if you will , on the facing towards the southwestern area of the city .
It faces off against the highway that leads out to the airport .
Now , that is not in a residential area .
It is a clear , open area , apart from trees .
The other areas that we understand where Iraqi officials are placing tanks and blocking off streets are in more residential areas , Judy .
All right .
Nic Robertson , giving us a better understanding of exactly what the Iraqis are doing to prepare for any further moves by coalition forces .
Nic , thank you very much .
Well , as American forces do push ahead toward the Iraqi government 's key center of power , British forces are keeping up their work to the south of the Iraqi capital .
ITN reporter Juliet Bremner is embedded with British forces in Iraq 's second-largest city , Basra , where the fight for control goes on .
no one seems to be sure what 's happened to Saddam Hussein and his two sons , but one thing is becoming more clear Uday and Qusay were just as bad as their father if not worse .
" Time " Magazine 's Michael Weisskopf has uncovered some stunning details about the lives of these two .
He joins US now from Washington .
Thanks for taking the time to join us .
Michael , as I read the article , we knew that these were not good guys , putting it mildly , but as you saw and heard the revelations , what were your reactions ? They 're stomach turning , to put it bluntly .
the extent of the depravity was truly0stunning , you 're right and they took different paths , these two guys .
The younger of the two brothers , Qusay was a very ic professional killer who pulled the trigger with political aim in mind .
We have eyewitnesses to his orders of execution of hundreds of people in 1991 during the Shiite Muslim uprising .
His brother , Uday , was very highly personal , arbitrary , spontaneous in his attacks , extended to young girls , to friends , to employees .
It was just extraordinary .
with Uday , I mean , the stories , you open the article , what you cowrote this article the sum of two evils , the reign of terror with Saddam 's sons abducting a 14-year-old , raping her , crashing wedding parties to rape the brides. was that about as bad as it got with these guys ? I guess it ca n't get much worse .
I thought that the depth may be how he treated his friends , % and there are a couple of stories we heard about how he forced friends to drink large quantities of grain alcohol until they vomited .
Also one friend he was afraid was going to leave the country and spill the beans on him .
He had him arrested by his Fedayeen Saddam .
He had him held down , Tong pulled out by pliers and sliced off with a scapel .
awful .
People still fear them and Saddam Hussein himself .
How did you get people to talk ? Were they forthcoming or pretty reticent about talking about these guys ? it was a hard report .
It was hard to find people , and then hard to get them to talk .
Over time , we gained trust .
We promised to hold on to people 's anonimity if we could .
After a little while , after we primed the pump , the people wanted to UNITED NATIONS , March 14 ( AFP ) Efforts were to continue at the United Nations Friday to find a breakthrough in the diplomatic stalemate on Iraq , with Washington warning it could bypass the Security Council and go to war alone .
With marathon talks at the top world body failing late Thursday to reconcile French and Russian opposition to US-British war plans , the United States upped its military presence , deploying more missile-firing warships to the Red Sea .
Six non-permanent members of the Security Council considered to be in the middle ground between the fiercely pro and anti-war camps , were working on new proposals to break the deadlock , France 's ambassador to the UN said .
" The six are now working on a paper and we will see the outcome of that consultation , maybe tomorrow ( Friday ) " Jean-Marc de La Sabliere told reporters .
Iraq was due to present a 30-page report on biological weapons it said it destroyed in 1991 , according to diplomatic sources in Baghdad , who said a second batch of documents on anthrax would follow in the next few days .
Amid talk of delaying or even shelving a US-British resolution giving Iraqi President Saddam Hussein until Monday to disarm or face war , oil prices in Asia pulled back , shares rose and the US dollar eased .
British efforts to provide a way out of the diplomatic mire at the United Nations ended without agreement late Thursday , but with London 's ambassador to the UN , Jeremy Greenstock , saying he expected talks to go on into the weekend .
His US counterpart , John Negroponte , said : " I ca n't say we are much farther along today than we were yesterday , " after hours of talks on six British benchmarks to test Iraq 's compliance with council demands .
The tests were designed to sway six uncommitted council members behind a draft resolution which would declare that Iraq has missed its last chance to disarm peacefully unless the council decides otherwise by Monday .
The two allies would not push for a vote Friday on the draft resolution , diplomats at the United Nations said , while US Secretary of State Colin Powell hinted that Washington would consider not even putting the text to a vote .
" We are still talking to the members of the council with respect to coalescing around a position that would n't draw a veto , but the options remain : go for a vote and see what members say , or not go for a vote , " Powell said .
" We will be examining them today , tomorrow and into the weekend , " he said late Thursday .
Diplomatic wrangling has centred around the French and Russian refusal to put their names to any resolution allowing the United States to unleash its military might against Iraq before weapons inspections have run their course .
France has provoked Washington 's ire in its steadfast insistence that it will veto any resolution paving the way for war , even rejecting the British proposals for concrete tests before Baghdad had done so .
France 's threat to cast its veto was only making war more likely , British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said .
" Unfortunately they appear to have made the decision not to enforce ( UN resolution ) 1441 , " Straw told Britain 's The Guardian newspaper .
" That renders it less likely that we get a peaceful outcome .
" Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Yury Fedotov said the US decision to drop demands for a Security Council vote this week on war with Iraq showed the resolution had not won enough support .
He rejected the British proposals , saying : " The British proposals on Iraq are not constructive and do not resolve the key problem , the prevention of a military scenario involving Baghdad , " the Interfax news agency reported .
He repeated that Moscow would not back a resolution that authorised an attack against Iraq : " It is not necessary now to adopt any new resolution on Iraq , especially resolutions which lead to war .
" His comments were echoed by the German ambassador to the UN , Gunter Pleuger , who said : " There is no majority support for the British proposal .
" In Germany , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said that weapons inspectors had to be allowed to continue their work .
" Together with our friends in France , with Russia , China and the majority of the security council we are confident the disarmament of Iraq can be achieved through peaceful means , " Schroeder said .
The British-US proposal needs nine votes to pass through the 15-member Security Council a feat looking increasingly unlikely with France and Russia vowing to veto the resolution and Syria , China and Germany all opposing .
The United States meanwhile deployed its B-2 stealth bombers to positions closer to Iraq and ordered as many as 15 warships capable of firing Tomahawk cruise missiles to the Red Sea from the Mediterranean , US officials said .
well , security is tight as Exxon Mobil shareholders meet today in Dallas .
Allan Chernoff live from the New York Stock Exchange to tell us what 's behind the precautions .
we 've got controversy at this meeting .
Exxon Mobil shareholder set to vote on resolutions dealing with steps to promote global energy and the risks of global warming .
Management , not surprisingly , opposes the resolutions .
Environmentalists are pressuring the oil giant not to drop it 's greenhouse emissions limits .
Yesterday , protesters blocked the entrance to protest what they claim is the company 's inaction against global warming .
Exxon Mobil maintains it does take the issue skreersly and it is being targeted unfairly Zblen Ron also engaging in a blame game .
Who is the latest target ? very also story with Enron .
A source tell US Enron is considering suing its own investment bankers for giving it bad financial advice .
Of course , the notorious energy trader is the subject of a slew of investigations for alleged financial trickery .
Enron may actually try to blame its bankers , including Jpmorgan Chase and Citigroup , for dishing out advice that actually helped the company 's downfall .
The latest move here is part of a new Bush by Enron 's new chief executive to settle pending litigation .
Jpmorgan , Citigroup , and other advisers have already been sued by shareholders and they also face regulatory investigations .
Let 's turn our attention to Wall Street .
We 've got some green arrows here .
Stocks are struggling to hold on to modest gains right now .
We 've got solid corporate profit reports today .
And of course a little momentum after yesterday 's rally .
And let 's have a look at the Dow Jones industrial average .
It is up by a little more than five points .
It 's been zigging and zagging between green and red .
Right now , holding on to the Green .
And the Nasdaq composite also in positive territory right now , still .
The Nasdaq at its highest level in nearly WASHINGTON , May 27 ( AFP ) US President George W. Bush told Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien by telephone Monday that he looked forward to seeing him at the upcoming summit of major industrialized nations and Russia , the White House said Tuesday .
" The two leaders discussed the upcoming G-8 meeting , US-Canada ( relations ) and other international issues of concern , " Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer said days before the June 1-3 summit , to be held in France .
" Both said they look forward to seeing each other in Evian .
They also touched on Afghanistan , the situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo and on the global economy , " said Fleischer .
Amid a chill in relations over the war in Iraq , which Canada opposed , Bush indefinitely postponed a visit to Canada , instead choosing to host Australian Prime Minster John Howard , who endorsed that military campaign .
On Monday , Chretien told reporters that he and Bush , who had not spoken since late February , discussed a wide range of issues , including Iraq , the upcoming summit of the Group of Eight industrial powers and aid to Africa .
" We 've always been on good terms .
We just disagree on one item , " the Canadian leader said .
more now on the Louisiana serial killings .
And the arrest of the prime suspect , Derrick Lee Tee Lee W. '' re joined on the phone by the police chief of Atlanta .
Can Owe tell us exactly the details , the precise details of how you arrested the suspect ? yes , we can .
First of all , members of my fugitive unit had been looking for the suspect , Derrick Lee all day based on information we received from the Baton Rouge police chief and the serial murder task force back in the state of Louisiana .
This evening , about 8:45 p.m. , members of my fugitive unit received a telephone call from an informtive saying they thought that they had observed the suspect Derrick Lee in the area of woods drive and Donald Lee Holland Parkway in southwest Atlanta .
The officers responded to that location .
Noticed a suspect fitting the description , approached Derrick Lee .
Asked for identification .
Derrick Lee produced Louisiana identification .
He was arrested without incident .
Taken into custody and he 's currently at Atlanta Police Department headquarters pending extradition back to the state of Louisiana .
and just to be clear , exactly where what kind of facility was it that you arrested him at ? he was in the rear of a tire shop .
It 's sort of like a mall area , but he was hanging around a tire shop .
An automotive tire shop , and someone noticed him , recognized him .
Made a call to the fugitive unit .
We went out this evening about 8:45 , and sure enough , he was the person we were looking for all day .
and what BRUSSELS , Belgium ( AP ) Europe 's divide over Iraq loomed ever larger Tuesday with France and Germany denouncing the U.S. move toward war while British Prime Minister Tony Blair said ousting Saddam Hussein now was key to solving similar crises in the future .
As European Union leaders restated their opposing views on Iraq , their foreign ministers debated the impending U.S. - led war against Iraq with EU president Greece keeping up appearances with a pledge to pursue a last ditch effort to avoid war .
Joschka Fischer and Dominique de Villepin , the German and French foreign ministers , were to attend a special United Nations Security Council meeting in New York Wednesday , called to issue a last-minute appeal for a peaceful solution to the Iraq crisis .
'' For us the United Natgions is the key authority '' in resolving the Iraq crisis , Fischer told reporters opn arrival at the EU meeting .
'' War is not justified , '' Fishcer told reporters .
'' As members of the United Nations Security Council we want to restate that we want a peacefiul solution .
'' De Villepin made no comment on arrival .
Ahead of the EU meeting , Greek Foreign Minister Georhge Papandreou told reporters , '' We have to , and we will continue , to search for a peaceful solution to the crisis .
'' The EU meeting could not hide the fact the Iraq crisis has made a mockery of EU aspirations to craft a common foreign policy .
Britain , Spain , Denmark , Italy , the Netherlands and Portugal back the United States while France and Germany lead a group of nations opposing military action .
`` I would like to see that the European Union countries will come through this difficult moment with a determination to work for peace and look to the future , '' EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana said .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw remained in London for a debate in which the Blair government sought parliamentary approval for its decision to use `` all means necessary '' to disarm Saddam .
Blair was confident of retaining the support of a majority of parliament as he can count on votes from opposition Conservatives .
He told the House of Commons the Iraq crisis was testing the fundamentals of international relations .
`` It will determine the way Britain and the world confront the central security threat of the 21st century ; the development of the United Nations ; the relationship between Europe and the United States ; the relations within the European Union ; and the way that the United States engages with the rest of the world , '' said Blair .
`` It will determine the pattern of international politics for the next generation , '' he said .
The EU foreign ministers met hours after U.S. President George W. Bush gave Saddam 48 hours to leave Iraq or face invasion .
French President Jacques Chirac said war without U.N blessing would undermine future disarmament efforts .
`` Inspections ( in Iraq ) showed that they are a credible alternativ , '' Chirac said .
`` To act without the legitimacy of the United Nations ... to favor the use of force over law , is taking a serious responsibility .
'' In Berlin , German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said there was no justification for war .
`` Does the threat posed by the Iraqi dictator justify a war , which is sure to kill thousands of innocent children , women and men ? My answer in this case was and is : No ! '' Schroeder said .
Solana said the EU would help in the humanitarian crisis expected to follow an attack on Iraq .
The EU is set to release 20 million euros ( US $ 21.5 million ) in immediate humanitarian aid for Iraq if war breaks out and may dip into an `` emergency reserve '' of 250 million euros ( US $ 269 million ) for humanitarian relief .
Elsewhere in Europe : _ Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt , overruling his defense minister , said his government would allow the United States use of its territory for military transports .
In recent weeks , the U.S. military has been transporting military equipment from bases in Germany to the Gulf through the port of Antwerp .
Defense Minister Andre Flahaut said on the weekend Belgium would no longer allow such transits _ or use of Belgian airspace. _ Greece began evacuating its embassy in Baghdad , saying all its personnel would be out of Iraq within a couple of days. _ The Dutch government , facing strong public anti-war pressure , said it would not commit fighting forces to the war against Iraq but added it supported the military campaign to disarm Saddam. _ In neutral Switzerland , Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey said the United States ' decision to proceed with military action weakened the United Nations .
`` It will be up to U.N. member states to restore its credibility , '' she said .
( rw-pa-rac ) that standing ovation that Sammy Sosa got at Wrigley field last night .
A Major League baseball official is skilledded to conduct interviews in Chicago .
Those interviews could be a factor as the league decides how Sammy Sosa will be punished for using a court-filled Bat .
Our Gary Tuchman is live .
Good Morning .
reporter : the Cub 's player this afternoon , once again , Sammy Sosa will be in the lineup but he could find out as early as today what his punishment will be and how many games he 'll be suspend for .
Last night when he went to play for the first time , most of the fans on Wrigley Field gave him a standing ovation .
In all fairness , not all of them totally believed Sammy Sosa but he 's a hero here and they want to believe Sammy Sosa .
He hit the ground ball on the first inning , that scored a run , but the run was taken away .
Sosa was quicked out of the game after he was found out he had a cork during the Bat .
He meant not to use it during the game , but he did use it during the game .
Major League baseball took 76 of his bats and x-rayed them for Cork .
those x race were negative .
That was conducted by a trained radiological technician .
We believe the x-ray process was sufficient to determine the state of those bats and we 're very confident that all of those bats were clean and had no foreign substances within them .
it was a mistake .
We 're all human and we all made a mistake .
Nobody 's perfect in this world upon .
reporter : Last night with the Bat , we assumed was not cork , Sammy Sosa struck out the first three times up .
He did hit a single in the ninety inning in a losing effort for the Chicago cubs .
Back to you .
there 's a concern with the huge series there this weekend with the Yankees coming to town that Sammy would be suspended during that .
the Yankees vpts been to Wrigley field since the 1930s since they played the cubs in the 1930s .
Sosa could get a suspension , but he could appeal suspension .
So if he wanted to play against the Yankees , he probably will be able to .
Gary Tuchman in Chicago .
Thanks so much .
Let 's bring Jack back in with the question of the day and bill 's also joining us from D.C. .
Hello , William .
over your shoulder , Jack .
keeping an eye on us .
Martha Stewart unfairly singled out for prosecution or is she getting what she deserved ? Jim in New York , I 've des Piesed Martha Stewart for years before the imclone scandal , but all this prosecution does is how bias prosecutors are when they deal with moguls who strip the hopes of investors. ceos , sleaze walk free , market should be free to stroll right along with them into the CEO Hall of Shame .
Joe In Michigan , prosecute , when your skit in life is professing trust and integrity and you violate that responsilibity to your believing public , then you should be done .
Jude Nith Florida , says eye never liked Martha , but now she 's a part of good Martha Stewart is one of those stories that is in the news big time again .
She resigned as chairman and CEO of Martha Stewart Living , Omnimedia , the company that bears her name .
After pleading not guilty to a laundry list of charges brought by the Justice Department and the SEC , insider trading , obstruction of justice , conspiracy to hide what they say is an illegal stock sale , we 're talking about 4,000 shares of stock that netted her about $225,000 .
How does this compare with other corporate scandals ? Enron 's bankruptcy cost thousands of people their jobs and their life savings and Kenny lay and the chairman and president , both of that company remain unindicted .
The chief financial officer is the only one there taking the fall .
Worldcom once employed 80,000 people and went broke on the largest corporate bankruptcy in the United States .
Bernie evers is living his life and unindicted .
The CEO took the fall there .
TYCO 's CEO and President Dennis Kozlowski and the last time I looked , he was sailing around Martha vinyard on his yacht .
At the time , Martha Stewart was worth in the neighborhood of $1 billion , so you could make the argument she might have been guilty of stupidity .
But the question is she being unfairly singled out for prosecution ? The e-mail address is am @ cnn.com .
And I 'm sure we 'll hear from many of you and we will select some of the responses and share them with you a bit later .
What makes something worth a billion dollars have to grab the phone after losing two grand with a falling stock price ? it could be arrogance or factors of being a powerful woman and the celebrity 11 .
Holiday Traditions : The holiday season is right around the corner .
Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays ? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members ? Are there people you see during the holidays that you do n't see during the rest of the year ? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays ? Where do you go and who do you visit ? Hi this is Ed. good. how are you doing Jane ? if you hear noise in the background , I 'm enjoying the holiday season walking in New York City , so Oh , okay .
(( city )) (( trusts of life )) crazy people and , uh , other things going on but that 's New York , what can you say .
Yeah yeah yeah .
Used to live in New York .
My brother-in-law still lives in the city but we were Long Island people .
Yeah .
Uh , so what are you doing for the festive holidays .
You know , it 's really bad because I still really do n't know .
I 'm up in the air with about six different clients trying to decide what we 're going to do .
(( Allan )) Well , that 's not bad .
That means that you 've got a lot of people to see and do things with .
That 's good .
Yeah , makes it kind of hectic .
How about you ? What are you doing ? Ah , family .
Ach .
Yeah .
Yeah , we 're going to be doing , uh , the typical .
Go up and celebrate with the family and be with the little kids .
You know , the (( tough years )) and that which makes it because when you get older it 's kind of , I 've got all the gifts , I do n't need that .
What I really want to do is see somebody else enjoy it and the little kids enjoy it .
So and , uh , do a lot of parties with family and friends .
Well , that 's kind of where we 're in between which family we 're going to see and when and how and get all that worked out .
Uh , so whoev yeah , I 've seen them just not the gifts it comes down to the food .
See , now you (( )) .
There you go .
I one of these choices is meat cooking .
We 'll have to put that towards the end .
(( Ah , oui.)) Eh , (( nice )) .
So we we 've only - my family 's , uh , parents are deceased and most of (( them )) is , uh , passed my brothers all over , so her family 's still younger and , uh , you know , just the odd sides .
She 's the oldest and I 'm the youngest , so she 's got younger which keeps the thing going , so I you know , my view is (( stay )) with the family go visit the family .
That 's all you got .
So keep it together through thick and thin and when it comes to Thanksgiving we go up there and we celebrate .
And then there 's little parties .
Big uh , her sister does a big family party but try to keep that same local family coming together .
It 's amazing how they can get into little squabbles and who does n't show up Of course .
like that .
I think it 's crazy .
So , (( so , uh )) - They used to always really all get together. but his parents uh they actually live next door to us. but they 're starting to get up in the years , so they 're not , you know , hosting the big parties , so it 's funny how now people do n't all bother to come Yeah .
and you kind of wonder you know in the next couple of years what 's all going to happen .
Are they all going to see each other .
Yeah , no that 's that 's exactly .
I 've already seen , you know , (( in )) my parents ((' bed )) until they (( got )) less and less that the brothers got together and then now when there 's an event you try to do it .
At Christmas it 's just impossible because we leave two days after Christmas Mhm .
to go out of the country as part of our New Year 's celebration .
So , for us it 's , you know , got to be a quick trip up to her family and then back where we we 've been invited to be down in another country .
If a person is not even though it 's cold up in the Northeast , it 's a family tradition .
I should do it and less for the gifts and more for being together .
Yeah .
Well , we did for the kids you know we made it pretty cl - I do n't know , I think that 's great .
- you know , you did n't have all the hassle of running around and being crazy and just kind of spent time together And I think that 's very I mean , if - and it was really pretty nice .
Yeah , we have n't yeah , I think e e eventually that may happen , the way we 're going with , uh , my wife and I with her family .
Not as a negative but as a - you know , we do a lot of traveling so that 's going to be I think that 's going to come up .
But but for now we 're still trying to do - as long as the mother 's around , we 'll still do Christmas and act as - she is not really old , but she 's getting older , so I think that 's one reason to stay together and also I think i is eh , we we kind of infused a little family party that her sister has so I think if we were to go away both of those might fall off a little bit and it does n't take but one year and then all of the sudden everybody 's Yeah .
not coming to it anymore and it 's like a - That 's it .
That 's the way it is .
Yeah , but not because - If I 'm no - it is I I enjoy the smiling people and the festive festive nature and I think it does get a little commercialized .
(( It 's not that the - )) You can ignore that part of it , I guess .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) With opposition hardening , the White House left open the possibility Tuesday that it would not seek a United Nations vote on its war-making resolution if the measure was headed for defeat .
`` The vote is desirable .
It is not necessary , '' presidential spokesman Ari Fleischer said .
The comments came as President George W. Bush and his advisers looked beyond the diplomatic showdown and made plans for a public relations buildup to potential war .
One option under serious consideration was Bush giving Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein a final ultimatum , perhaps with a short-term deadline , in a major address next week , two senior White House officials said .
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , stressed that a variety of options are on the table and they all depend on the outcome of a U.N. Security Council debate on the U.S. - backed war resolution .
The United States still does n't have the nine votes needed to win approval of the resolution , according to supporters and opponents , and many undecided council members are looking for a compromise .
Even if he gets the required votes , Bush needs to avoid a veto by Russia , France or China who all favor continuing inspections at least into July .
Once the vote is resolved one way or another , Bush will intensify his case for war , officials said , barring unforeseen events such as Saddam suddenly disarming or going into exile .
In addition to a possible address , they have discussed a presidential news conference and a Cabinet meeting as ways for Bush to communicate his plans to the nation next week .
As those discussions were taking place behind the scenes , Fleischer told reporters that Turkey would lose a proposed $15 billion aid package unless it admits troops into the country for the Iraq conflict .
`` The particular package that we 've been talking to them about was predicated on assistance and cooperation in any plan for the use of force against Iraq , '' Fleischer said .
Until Tuesday , the spokesman had suggested part of the package would be available to Turkey regardless of whether 62,000 American troops are allowed in the country .
White House officials said they were turning up pressure on Turkey in hopes that the parliament would grant the U.S. request on a second vote .
Even so , officials said future aid for Turkey would not be ruled out , just the massive package under consideration now .
At the United Nations , Secretary-General Kofi Annan called Baghdad 's missile destruction `` a positive development , '' putting him at odds with Bush 's assessment .
Russia 's Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov , hardening Moscow 's opposition to quick military action , indicated Russia may use its veto against the U.S. - backed resolution .
Both developments further complicated Bush 's efforts to win passage of the resolution , adding significance to talk of what the administration would do if U.N. opposition cements against the U.S. position .
`` The president has made clear , that ... whether the United Nations votes or does not vote , that we will disarm Saddam Hussein with a coalition of the willing , '' Fleischer said .
`` We are proceeding with all the plans for the vote .
'' `` Now , if you are asking me if all of a sudden support around the world crumbles and there is absolutely no one for it , I ca n't predict with metaphysical certitude every eventuality , '' Fleischer said .
U.S. Ambassador John Negroponte was asked whether the United States would withdraw the resolution if it did n't have the votes to pass it .
`` We have n't crossed that bridge , '' he said .
`` We believe that support should be there .
We are not facing that kind of situation but we will cross the bridge when we come to it .
'' Afterward , he and other White House officials said the remarks did not signal a lack of confidence in the resolution 's prospects .
5 .
Death of Arafat ( 1 ) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week .
Do you think Arafat 's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ? Was Arafat a good leader ? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died ? What , if anything , should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process ? Hello ? Hi , my name is Sue and I 'm from Iowa .
How are you doing ? Hi , Sue .
I 'm Ben , I 'm from the Bronx , New York .
Oh , east coast .
Very nice .
Yes .
Pouring raining here and cold .
Oh , well , it 's you should be getting a little bit of a reprieve , because our is getting a little more mild and we seem to get the little more mild weather right before you do , so Well , that 's good .
I w I want a little .
it 's coming .
Yeah , we even , uh , grilled out the last couple of days , so .
Oh , how nice .
Yeah .
Who 's who 's we ? Uh , well , my husband and I. Yeah .
Oh , how nice .
Yeah , I 'm single , uh , have a a boyfriend .
Oh , you do ? Yeah .
Yeah .
Well , good for you .
And we 're talking about Arafat here .
Yes , Arafat .
Let 's talk about Arafat .
What do you think ? Huh .
What do I think ? Um , well , when around the time he was he was getting the Nobel Peace Prize and stuff , I think he got that .
Yes , he did .
Um , there was a show here in New York at a big theater .
I think maybe it was at Lincoln Center in the Philharmonic Theater or the Metropolitan Opera House or the New York State Theater or something .
And Arafat came in and got a standing ovation , you know , a peace prize winner bah bah bah bah bah .
The mayor of New York , who was then Rudolph Giuliani , stood up and walked out , he was also in attendance , and his , uh , comment to the press afterwards was that , you know , he just did n't want to honor a terrorist , and I one of the few things that I was happy about with Giuliani when he was mayor .
Mhm .
Uh , Giuliani got very popular later because of the the Nine eleven .
World Trade Center thing but he he was n't so popular as a mayor .
Yeah .
Right , I knew that .
But , you know , I I kind of agreed with that Arafat thing , though .
I but I do think he accomplished something in that the Palestinian people do have a legitimate grievance and he put it on the map , you know .
Well , he he did but I think he really failed miserably , in my opinion , when he , um , refused to sign that treaty that was originally set up because it was a wonderful option and it really could 've re done some wonderful things for his people and I think he really did them a disservice by not taking care of it at that time .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Yeah , what was the treaty ? I 'm not familiar with it .
Well , um , where they were going to , uh , give them , like , ninety-six percent of the Ga of of Gaza and he said that he wanted all hundred percent .
And so he refused to sign it .
It was just an an incredible faux pas on his part , from my opinion .
Oh .
Yeah .
Yeah , y it 's it 's you have to sometimes take a little bit less than you want , you know , uh , an and ninety-six percent is a big percentage , you know .
Yes .
And I think that could have really done some wonderful uh steps for uh for the Palestinian people uh as a whole .
And I felt very sad that , um , that that was n't done .
It really should 've been .
Um , it was really quite unfortunate that that he that he was not willing to , um , step forward to do do what was really in the best interests of his people .
Sometimes sometimes I th I think it 's hard when when you 're the the first leader , or the George Washington of something , to see things other than in black and white .
You know , or maybe he did n't have the gift of of nuance that would 've helped him to to take that right step , uh , you know , the the his people suffer so terribly and maybe , you know , it could have been better if he had signed that , huh .
I really think so .
I really , truly do and now it 's a a situation where , with his passing , um , I think there 's a real , um , new opening , a new possibility for some extremely positive steps to come forward out of this I do think that the United States will probably be requested to be involved in the negotiation process and I understand that , I me uh , because , um , I think both sides have a trust in the United States that make it - And we 've ha we have a history , uh , Clinton and Carter w worked over there try to get some peace going .
They they they worked very personally .
They had those retreats and things with the leaders , Right .
arm-twisting sessions .
And stuff , and uh That 's why we should be there but I 'm I 'm kind of scared of the people that represent the United States now , you know .
They 're not quite the same caliber .
Well , that 's really true , um , but it it is a I mean , we are having a a step forward in a lot of ways , um .
We we , I think , do have some potentials , um , to do some extremely positive , um , um , things .
Hi all , I live in Austin , Tx , and being one who 's only been as far as Nashville , Tn two friends and I are planning a trip to New England for a week .
I 'd love some insight or suggestions on our trip itinerary First i went to Expedia and did some flight checks .
We 're planning on going July 4th week what better time to be in Boston I figure : ) Saturday , July 2nd Fly from Austin , Tx to Boston and stay with friends living in Boston Sunday , July 3rd Hang around Boston and stay with friends Monday , July 4th Hang around Boston and stay with friends Tuesday , July 5th Leave early and drive to Niagara Falls , NY 467 miles Stay in Niagara Falls Wednesday , July 6th Leave from Niagara Falls and drive to Toronto , On 85 miles Drive back to Niagara Falls that evening 85 miles Stay in Niagara Falls Thursday , July 7th Leave Niagara Falls and drive to Red Bank , NY 435 miles Stay in Red Bank for the night We want to hit-up Jay and Silent Bob 's Silent Stash Friday , July 8th Drive back to Boston passing through New York do whatever 262 Miles from Red Banks to Boston but add whatever miles from New York Stay the night with friends in Boston Saturday , July 9th Fly back to Austin I figure staying in Red Bank , NJ , which is n't far from NYC , is cheaper then staying in the city .
Plus while driving back north to Boston we can spend the day in NYC .
I know there 's WAY too much to do , but I have another friend who works at the MET I 'll try to hook-up with .
We 'll plan our few hours in NYC wisely .
Also we 're hanging in Boston for so many nights to visit with the friends there and hit the sights in that area .
Also this is a vacation , so we hope to spend some time just chilling .
Any suggestions on changes ? We have 3 people going , and Expedia shows the flight ( round trip ) and a rental car with unlimited miles being $1430 , plus I 'm figuring about $150 for gas and at $120 a night for hotel that 's $360 total for that .
So total cost ( without food , spending cash , parking , toll roads , etc ) is $1910 or about $637 each .
I 'm figuring about $850 per person should be plenty for everything and that 's not bad for 7 nights in New Enland with all the stuff we 're planning .
Did I miss anything or does anyone see any suggestions or changes that might either save money or make our trip more worthwild ? Thanks again , and take care , Ringo Oh what kinda weather can we expect up there during July ? Texas is in the 100's normally , so I hope the averages for July in New England are a fare bit cooler : ) [ snip ] .
Hi Everyone , Thanks for all the great replies !! This is exactly what I 'm looking for : ) The main reason I 'd like to goto Toronto and Niagara Falls is mainly because it 's so close.. but I agree New York would be nice to spend a few days in .
I know the bulk of our trip is in Boston , but we have friends living up there we hope to spend a few days with visiting .
The trip is both to visit with them and to spend time around New England .
As for gas , what is the going rate for gas right now in New England ? Here in Texas it 's around $1.60 - $1.75 for Reg Unleadded , but i 'm figuring $1.90 a gallon .
Is this not accurate ? Here 's how I figured the price I 'm factoring in Boston to Niagara Falls 467 Miles Niagara Falls to Toronto 85 Miles and 85 Miles back Niagara Falls to Red Bank , NJ 435 Miles Red Bank , NJ to Boston ( plus spending some time in NYC ) 262 Total is 1334 , but I 'm figuring 1500 with some extra for around NYC and various towns we visit .
We 're getting a mid-sized vehicle , so if the car gets 20 mpg that 's 75 gallons used .
This times $1.90 is $145.50 or around that .
Even if gas is $2.00 a gallon that 's still only around $150 , so I think $200 + for gas is a rather high estimate .
Also is it possible to take a train from Boston to NYC ? If so how does that work or what 's the cost ? I am from Texas where we drive everywhere , and I 've never even set foot on a train so forgive me if this is a weird question : ) Thanks again for all the insight and help .
Though I 've never been up there I 've always wanted to see both Niagara Falls and Toronto , so being so close I almost hate to miss an opportunity .
Take care , Ringo SOUTHERN IRAQ ( AP ) U.S. and British troops were moving on the strategic southern port city of Basra Saturday after a massive aerial assault pounded Baghdad at dawn .
Thousands of beleaguered Iraqi soldiers in the south surrendered in the face of the major push .
The battle for Basra , an oil hub of some 1.3 million people , was underway by midday , with coalition troops trying to surround Iraqi positions and force a surrender .
U.S. aircraft bombed Iraqi tanks holding bridges close to the city .
Iraqi forces responded with artillery fire .
Earlier Saturday , Baghdad was again targeted , one day after a massive U.S. aerial bombardment in which more than 300 Tomahawk cruise missiles rained down on the capital .
The nine-story Security Headquarters in the Iraqi capital took a direct hit , strewing bricks , masonry and glass across the street in the al-Salhiya neighborhood of central Baghdad .
As coalition troops advanced , an entire Iraqi army division gave itself up , U.S. military officials said .
The division _ the 51st Infantry Division , with 8,000 men and as many as 200 tanks , a key unit in the defense of Basra _ was the largest defection in a day when Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's forces showed signs of crumbling .
Allied successes were marred by the collision of two Royal Navy helicopters over the Persian Gulf in which all six British crew members and one American were killed .
Saturday morning , American Marines and British troops rumbled along the main road from the Kuwaiti border to Basra , Highway 80 , nicknamed the `` Highway of Death '' during the 1991 Gulf War , when U.S. airstrikes wiped out an Iraqi military convoy along it .
American units advancing west of Basra have already secured the Rumeila oil field , whose daily output of 1.3 million barrels makes it Iraq 's most productive .
Until Basra , U.S. and British troops had encountered little resistance , even when they seized nearby Umm Qasr , and moved to secure key oil fields .
Iraqis mostly fought back with small arms , pistols , machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades .
Regular Iraqi forces had withdrawn from Basra but elements of Saddam 's security forces are continuing to resist , British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon said Saturday .
Other units moved into airfield complexes in western Iraq believed to have Scud missiles capable of reaching Israel , and possibly weapons of mass destruction .
Early Saturday , more units were waiting in Kuwait to smash through any Iraqi resistance .
Hundreds of tanks , armored personnel carriers , Humvees and trucks were lined up in parallel columns waiting in single-file to cross the Iraqi-Kuwait border .
By early next week , U.S. ground forces led by the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division are likely to be at the outskirts of Baghdad , where they could face greater danger from the Republican Guard , some commanders said .
After weeks of delay , Turkey relented and agreed to let combat aircraft fly over its territory .
At the same time , however , Turkey sent 1,000 troops into northern Iraq , and the government said it would send more to prevent Iraqi Kurds from creating an independent state .
The United States strongly opposes any unilateral move by Turkey into northern Iraq .
A Turkish military spokesman on Saturday denied Turkish troops had crossed into Iraq .
The United States and Britain suffered their first casualties Thursday and Friday as they pushed into Iraq , with two U.S. Marines killed in combat and another eight British and four American Marines dying in a helicopter crash that appeared to be accidental .
There was no clear figure of Iraqi casualties .
Australian commandos , who have been operating deep in Iraq , destroyed a command and control post and killed a number of soldiers , according to the country 's defense chief , Gen. Peter Cosgrove .
In an address Saturday , Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf told Iraqis that fighting had been `` fierce .
'' He said most of those captured by allied forces were civilians , not soldiers .
He claimed Iraqi troops had destroyed five tanks .
He said more than 200 Iraqis had been injured , including women , children and other civilians who were being treated at five hospitals in Baghdad .
Hoon said Saddam 's regime was crumbling under the pressure of a huge air assault .
`` As last night 's dramatic television coverage showed , the lights stayed on in Baghdad , but the instruments of tyranny are collapsing , '' he said .
Iraqi Vice President Taha Yasin Ramadan , speaking on Iraqi Radio , was quoted by the British Broadcasting Corp. 's monitoring service as accusing Britain and the United States of working to `` eliminate '' the state of Iraq .
In a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan , Ramadan said , `` It is also regrettable and deplorable that the ( U.N .
) General Secretariat has not issued any statement or reaction that condemns or deplores this aggression .
'' Despite the heavy bombing , which the U.S. Central Command said targeted military command and control installations , the Iraqi regime gave no sign of quitting .
Bombers have also hit targets in the northern cities of Mosul , Kirkuk and Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown .
The Iraqi government released a video of Saddam , in uniform , meeting with his son Qusai , the commander of the Republican Guard , and the defense minister , Gen. Sultan Hashim Ahmad .
It was unclear when the video was made .
U.S. intelligence officials said the Iraqi command and control system was in disarray , and U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said , `` The regime is starting to lose control of their country .
'' Wolf , we 're going to break in here , because the parents of Jessica Lynch , who live in Palestine , West Virginia , are before the microphones , I 'm told , just about to talk with reporters .
They 're walking toward the press .
Let 's listen .
Good afternoon .
We appreciate y'all coming out for what you 're doing for Jessie and all of the other troops that are missing .
We 've been waiting all day word from the doctors , and they have successively done one surgery on her .
There will be other surgeries to do that .
It 's going to take time and patience .
But she 's great and she 's doing good .
She 's in real good spirits .
We talked to her .
We talked to her before the surgery , we talked to her after the surgery , and she 's doing good .
Ca n't you think ? Yes , a bunch , but my mind 's blank .
The doctor has completed one surgery on her back .
They have released the pressure on a nerve , and realigned all the disks and put plates and stuff in it , and that was because she did n't have any feeling in her feet .
So he , he 's pretty sure right now that that will relieve , relieve the tension , and her feet will be able to move .
Also , we have heard and seen reports that she had multiple gunshot wounds , and knife stabbing .
The doctor has not seen any of this .
He looked for the gunshot wounds for the knife stabbing , and there is no injury whatsoever .
They will do surgery again tomorrow on her legs .
She has fractured legs and her right forearm .
And we are just waiting to get that good news too .
We talked to her before and after the surgery , like I said , and she 's just , she just sounded real good .
Of course , this morning she was a little groggy .
But yet , she was good , because it was early .
And then this afternoon , after the surgery , she was our Jessie again .
If those were n't gunshot wounds to cause the broken bones , do they know what caused the fractures ? They have no idea at this time what caused them .
We know she 's in good spirits , because they told her they was gonna put pink casts on her legs and arms , and she had pink casts when she was in the third grade on her arm so we know she her mind is working good .
So she 's in good spirits , and we hope the surgery will go good tomorrow , just as well as it did today .
Can you tell us what she said to you on the telephone ? You said she was in good spirits ? Can you describe your conversation ? I teased her again about the Army jeeps and she said , " I know where there 's a bunch of that we can find .
" So , we know she 's in good spirits .
She was asking for a hairbrush .
Gregory Lynch , the father of Jessica Lynch , and Jessica 's mother talking to reporters , saying they have talked to her today , both before and after surgery , that she says she 's feeling good .
They say she will be good .
But they said the doctors did go in and apparently do some work on her spinal cord or spinal column .
He said to relieve some pressure on a nerve .
They were concerned because she did n't have feeling in her feet .
They did go on to say the doctors could not find either bullet or knife entry wounds , suggesting that her broken bones came from some other source , and it is not clear yet .
Her parents said they do n't know yet what caused their daughter 's injuries .
The following is from Mike Black : Friends : Please take some time next week to welcome a new staff member for Landmark Education in Houston ! Her name is Janine Beck , she is from Tucson , AZ , and she most recently has been the team leader for Landmark Education programs in Tucson ( the title is Source Person ) .
She will be the Registration Manager for the Houston Center , accountable for causing registrations into the Landmark Forum .
I know this is a huge commitment for her , and I am excited about the difference she will make in my life , my family , and in the lives of the people in this part of the world .
A staff member is a graduate .
One of us .
They are one of us that choose to have their life be about empowering others to live life powerfully and live a life they love .
When you say " my life is for that " then everything in you life becomes about that .
If you are married , your marriage is about making a difference in the world .
If you have hobbies , the hobbies are about making a difference in the world .
This is not an easy thing to take on .
The mountain is very steep and hard to climb .
It is also incredibly rewarding and fulfilling and gives purpose and meaning to your life .
The poet Rilke once said " the spirit wants only that there be flight , as to who actually accomplishes it , in that she only has a passing interest " .
Being a staff member is about being the one who accomplishes it .
Please take a few moments to drop her a note ( I do not have an email address for her .
It will have to be snail mail ) , give her a call at the center , or send her a fax and welcome her to our Center .
Knowing the graduates here appreciate her will make a huge difference for her .
The phone number for the Houston Center is 713-865-9600 , toll free 800-745-1997 .
The Fax number is 713-626-3677 .
Thank you for your stand and for your partnership .
Mike Black m ... @ bushblack.com 512-431-3537 CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( AP ) A rocket holding the first of two Mars rovers blasted off Tuesday on a seven-month voyage to the red planet where the golf-cart-sized vehicles will search for evidence that there was once enough water to support life on Mars .
The rover named Spirit lifted off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard a Boeing Delta II rocket at 1:58 p.m .
( 1758 GMT ) .
Thunderstorms delayed the launch by two days , and launch officials contended with a last-minute communications glitch between stations that will track the spacecraft .
The second rover , named Opportunity , will be launched later this month , and both are expected to arrive at Mars in January .
Moving on six wheels , the $800 million rovers act as robotic geologists .
Each is equipped with a panoramic camera , a camera for close-up views of rocks and a drill to cut into rocks .
The data will be transmitted back to Earth .
Previous missions have shown Mars had water in the past , but scientists want to find out how long the water was there and in what quantities .
Scientists believe the water may show that Mars once was able to support life .
The rovers ' landing sites , on opposite sides of the planet , were chosen for their likelihood of holding evidence of water .
Studying the minerals in rocks can tell scientists how the rocks were formed , whether they were ever submerged in water , and whether hot water ever ran over them .
The rovers are expected to travel up to 132 feet ( 39.6 meters ) each Martian day , which is 24 hours and 39 { minutes long .
The missions are expected to last three months but could run longer .
The rovers eventually will shut down as dust builds up on their solar panels and they will remain on the planet .
Only 12 out of 30 previous attempts have reached Mars , and only three out of nine attempts have succeeded in landing on the planet .
NASA revamped its Mars program after the failure of two unmanned missions to Mars four years ago .
The space agency has been under intense scrutiny since February when the space shuttle Columbia disintegrated over Texas , killing all seven crew members .
A logo patch of that last Columbia mission was attached to both Mars rovers. _ _ _ = On the Net : Rover Mission : http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/mer KHARTOUM , Sudan ( AP ) A state security court suspended a newspaper critical of the government Saturday after convicting it of publishing religiously inflammatory material , the newspaper 's lawyer said .
The Khartoum Monitor may not appear for two months and must pay a fine of 1 million Sudanese pounds ( about US $ 400 ) , lawyer Ngor Olang Ngor told The Associated Press .
Failure to pay the fine would result in a two-month extension of the suspension .
The sentence was the latest in a series of state actions against the Monitor , the only English language daily in Sudan and a leading critic of conditions in the south of the country , where a civil war has been waged for 20 years .
Ngor said the paper would pay the fine but it would also appeal the verdict .
The court ruling stated that the verdict and sentence would be submitted to the National Press Council , a government-appointed body , for approval , Ngor said .
The secretary general of the National Press Council , Hashim el-Jazz , did not answer repeated calls to his cell phone on Saturday .
The court convicted the paper of violating article 25 of the Press Law , which prohibits the publication of material that defames religion or incites religiously unacceptable activity .
The charges arose from letters-to-the-editor published last month that dealt with religion .
One letter claimed that alcohol was not prohibited by Islam .
Earlier this week , security police detained the Monitor 's managing editor , Nhial Bol , for 24 hours .
On his release , he was charged with incitement of public discord for publishing the letters .
Sudan has an Islamic-orientated government and a substantial Christian minority .
In a separate action against the Monitor , security officials went to its editorial offices on Thursday night and told the management that it was being closed until it paid a fine of 15 million Sudanese pounds ( about US $ 6,000 ) that was outstanding from a court conviction last year .
The Monitor did not appear Friday and its offices were closed .
In last year 's trial , the paper was convicted of defaming the government for publishing that trains running to and from southern Sudan were used to transport abducted women and children. mk-jbm 2 .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
How many people work there , and what is the hierarchy ? Who works for whom ? What kind of job do you have ? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do .
Do you think your company is well-run ? If not , what could make it better ? And then we 're not supposed to answer it .
Well , um all I can say about big corporations is there 's too many chiefs .
Yeah .
Always too many chiefs .
And with the constant merging with other banks , Yeah .
ugh err .
Or well , and then you think of things like Enron .
Oh yeah .
I mean , you got corrupted chiefs too .
Yeah , they 're everywhere .
The uh ~ CEO we had before we merged with Nations Bank he uh he about ran as into the ground with some hedge funds that he had gone into .
Uh-huh .
And then , and then when we finish merging , they give the guy something like a twenty-five million dollar package , and if he dies , his family still gets all the money .
No way .
Yeah .
No. They would n't do anything like that for me .
I 've been there for a long time , I used to be a manager there .
There 's no way I 'd get that kind of a oh .
So , yeah , once you get way up there , unless you 're prosecuted , you you just are constantly rolling in the dough .
Yeah .
And that was a long time ago , and we just c oh , all that money , for just about bankrupting us .
That is crazy .
I think that was in ninety seven or eight Yeah .
I think we merged in ninety-eight .
So , yeah , Bank of America 's everywhere .
And um Mm Gosh I ca n't think of anything else to say about them .
I do n't know .
They 're all right .
They have good benefits .
Yeah .
Not good pay .
Yeah .
Yeah I I 'm not really familiar with the working world that much .
So , I mean , with my part-time job , it 's a lot it 's really good for a student , because I only work uh two hours a night .
Oh that 's good .
So , yeah , and then it 's pretty flexible .
Like uh uh I 'm pretty busy with other , you know student organizations , and hanging out with friends and stuff , so I do n't have to work on the weekends , and then I can take off sometimes .
So .
Yeah .
That 's good .
So a pretty good deal , and the cool thing about is like everybody at work is really friendly , Yeah , that 's good .
and uh I think really that what brings that on is our boss .
Like he 's just a really nice guy , and he 's pretty laid back .
So .
That comes in handy .
Yeah .
Got to have a good boss .
Yeah .
I do n't know if there 's any pudding in the refrigerator honey .
You got to go I I think you ate it all , but go look around I know there 's still some more um Trix yogurt .
And I 'll buy pudding on Friday .
He 's all upset with me cause there 's no pudding .
Yeah , I 've had many many different kinds of managers , and when they 're laid back do n't micro manage you know , you definitely , work harder for them , and do a better job and Yeah .
Did you ever see the uh movie Office Space ? yes , I did .
Yeah .
Yes I did .
It took me a second , but I sure did .
Yeah .
I always think about that like or a lot of I think college students think about that like with some office jobs , you know ? Yeah .
It 's uh So .
It 's kind of like , that 's the job that they 're t everyone 's trying to stay away from .
Yeah .
I do n't think they 're quite They they 've gotten better .
I know the bigger companies have tried to stay away from that , cause uh The the that does wear you out .
I remember Bank of America was kind of like that in the department I used to work in , years and years ago .
Uh-huh .
Oh my God .
Boring looking walls , boring people , boring job .
Yeah .
It it drained the life out of you whenever we had to go to work .
It just sucked .
Yeah .
But they tried to make it more entertaining .
I think more companies are going for the uh you know , employee satisfaction .
Finally .
Uh-huh .
Th that was the Bank 's big deal last year , was uh ninety percent associate satisfaction .
And they were all happy when they finally got there .
But we did n't get anything for it .
They did n't like give everybody bonuses or anything .
Sheesh .
They because they got some better insurance policies and some better bonuses that they paid out at the end of the month and you know , it was a little better .
Yeah , well , you got to make your employees happy , otherwise you 're not going to come out with the next product .
You know ? That 's right .
They 're not going to work so hard for ya .
They 're going to call out sick Yep .
they 're going to do you know , half-assed job .
That 's exactly the way it is .
It 's just basic management .
Mhm .
Exactly .
Mikey hold on , I 'll be off the phone in a minute .
(( Sure )) Sheesh .
Yeah .
I also , I worked for uh , like kind of like a Subway , uh Atlanta Bread Company .
Yeah .
So , and man , oh this is for a summer job , and my boss was like well he was also the owner NEW YORK , March 19 ( AFP ) Media tycoon Barry Diller on Wednesday quit as chief of Vivendi Universal Entertainment , the entertainment unit of French giant Vivendi Universal whose future appears up for grabs .
In a statement , Diller who took on the " provisional " role at the top of Vivendi 's US entertainment operations in December said his USA Interactive group will nonetheless remain a shareholder of Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
" My executive role was never intended to be permanent , " said Diller .
" Now that Vivendi Universal has begun a formal process in reviewing options for its entertainment assets , it is appropriate to step aside from any direct management responsibility .
" As part of the 11-billion-dollar sale of USA Interactive 's film and television operations to the French media company in December 2001 , USA Interactive received 2.5 billion dollars in preferred shares in Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
Diller , 60 , personally received a 1.5 percent stake in the business and had been touted as a likely candidate to run Vivendi Universal 's entertainment unit in the United States if the troubled French media giant were broken up .
In Paris , the French media group said parent company chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou will replace Diller as chairman and chief executive of US unit .
Vivendi , in a statement , said that Diller had , " in full agreement with Vivendi Universal , " announced that he was " ending his temporary assignment as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
" Vivendi Universal , the world 's second-largest media group after AOL Time Warner of the United States , has been digging out from under a mountain of debt since the removal of expansionist boss Jean-Marie Messier last July , largely through asset sales .
Vivendi Universal earlier this month posted a record net loss of 23.3 billion euros ( 25.6 billion dollars ) for 2002 .
Faced with debt of 35 billion euros ( 37 billion dollars ) in June last year including 19 billion from the media and telecoms division alone the sprawling conglomerate has set a target of reducing its debt by 16 billion euros by end-2004 .
Speculation has been rife that troubled Vivendi has been weighing a spinoff or sale of its US film , television and theme park operations as part of its restructuring .
Press speculation had already suggested that Vivendi might decide to keep its Universal Music division , while either divesting or inviting third parties to take a minority stake in the remaining Entertainment assets .
Earlier this month , sources told Agence France Presse financial news unit AFX that Viacom is studying a bid for Vivendi 's US entertainment assets placing it as a serious rival squarely in the running against oil billionaire Marvin Davis who has bid 20 billion dollars for the operations .
While other media companies like Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , Liberty Media Corp , News Corp and General Electric Co 's NBC have been mentioned as potential bidders for the Vivendi operations , Viacom is one of the few media companies with a balance sheet healthy enough to mount a bid .
Thanks very much , Judy .
And Colonel Leonhard , we 're going to talk a little bit about urban combat .
And I wanted to just start this off by saying a lot of people when they hear about urban combat , they think of that Blackhawk down scenario , Mogadishu and the problems that can go wrong here .
This is not probably a comparable situation , is it ? Not in any way .
And one of the reasons is because we have armored fighting vehicles there in Baghdad , and we will use them .
Those tanks have 120-millimeter smoothbore gun on them .
The Bradleys have 25-millimetre chain guns and coaxial machine guns .
That 's a lot of mobile protective gunfire .
Completely different from the Mogadishu situation in which we did not have such vehicles .
And we also are not going to use similar tactics there .
We are much more likely to use patience and finesse rather than assault tactics .
All right .
We want to show you an animation , and share with our viewers , maybe you can point out a few things about this .
If we move in on Baghdad , and give you a sense of the kinds of targets that might be encountered in urban combat .
What we 've depicted here is something here which shows some armor sort of off the wings here , right over here is a mosque .
We depict that to show that 's something you obviously want to stay clear as we just saw with the Ryan Chilcote piece from Najaf .
As we get a little bit closer here , in a typical scenario like this , you might very well have Republican Guard snipers up on balconies like this , and possibly up on the roofs of buildings and anti-aircraft artillery or artillery encampments like that .
What we have presented her is an armored column with air support coming in .
How much jeopardy is a column like this in as it goes through these concrete canyons in a city ? It 's a great question .
I think the animation is good because it does show that you can hide literally anywhere in a city environment , and that is why movement through an urban area is very , very dangerous .
It 's the side that 's moving that 's going to take the casualties .
That said , the armored fighting vehicles that you see there they look to me as if they 're moving a little bit faster as than we probably will .
We 'll use patience and finesse .
We will take the time to locate the enemy , surround the blocks and the buildings that he is in .
And then we 'll probably surge fires into their both lethal and nonlethal to make his position untenable , to make him move rather than us moving through the assault zone .
At which time we can engage them or arrest them .
We 'd like to resume with that animation if we could .
That 's Saddam International Airport .
That 's another segment .
Can we get back to the animation .
And I 'd like to just finish this out .
Here we go .
Ad we move it along , you 'll see eventually the troops will come marching in .
In this case , slightly off target here because you see them all going in the front door .
Typically , when they 'd assault a target like this , they 'd do what ? Well , typically , if they do go in , which is generally the option of last resort , but if we do have to go in , often we 'll try to go in from the top of the building down .
One of the reasons is because we use grenades a lot in clearing buildings , and grenades ten to offend downhill rather than uphill .
So , you always want them going down staircases rather than having to try to throw them up the staircase .
Interesting , all right .
Gravity rules , even in urban combat .
Lieutenant Colonel Robert Leonard , we appreciate your insights in urban combat , something that is not something that the U.S. military would prefer to engage in , but it might become inevitable .
Thank you very much for your time .
We appreciate it Judy .
Thank you , Miles and thank you Colonel Leonhard .
All of that certainly helps us visualize what might happen .
President Bush vows a final push to victory and he mourns the loss of fallen Marines .
Up next , a report on the president 's trip to Camp Lejeune , and a look at how the Camp Lejeune community is coping with the challenges of war .
We will be back later on the war in Iraq .
But first , we want to go somewhere else in the region to tell you that dozens were injured today in the first suicide bombing in Israel in three weeks .
CNN 's Kelly Wallace reports on today 's attack in Netanya .
It had been very quiet inside Israel since the start of the U.s. - led war against Iraq .
Many Israelis were fearing that quiet would come to an end .
And it did on this day .
Police say a suicide bomber blew himself up outside this cafe , called The London Cafe , earlier Sunday afternoon .
We can show you some pictures from earlier Sunday .
People here tell us the cafe was filled with people enjoying the spring weather .
Many here though say they are relieved only one person dead , the suicide bomber .
Dozens , though , injured , including some Israeli soldiers , because according to an eyewitness , he said many soldiers were here also enjoying the spring weather .
Then it was big bomb .
And many soldier .
Two soldiers were down here .
Many blood .
Many people skip from here .
Big paranoia .
There had been many terrorist attacks here in Netanya , including the deadliest suicide bombing ever in Israel almost exactly a year ago , March 27 , at the Park Hotel during Passover , 29 people killed in that attack .
As for this attack , the Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad is claiming responsibility .
According to a leaflet from the group obtained by CNN , the group says the attack was to show the union of Palestinians with the people of Iraq .
The group is also claiming that Islamic Jihad militants are already inside Iraq to carry out attacks against U.S. and British forces .
Israel has been on a heightened state of alert since the start of the U.S. - led war against Iraq .
And now many Israelis fear they could see more attacks like the one they saw here today as the military campaign against Saddam Hussein continues .
I 'm Kelly Wallace , CNN , reporting from Netanyahu , Israel .
A baseball legend rallies the troops .
Up next , pitching great Roger Clemens talks about his experiences meeting U.S. service members in Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf .
LUSAKA , Zambia ( AP ) The lawyer of former Zambian president Frederick Chiluba was reprimanded by a Lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges Friday .
Chiluba , who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office , did not appear at the Lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court .
Chiluba 's lawyer , Chifumu Banda , told the court he had advised Chiluba not to appear in court Friday , following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered .
`` The matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason , such a request must be done here , '' said Magistrate Christopher Shacifwa .
He said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves .
Shacifwa ordered Chiluba to appear in court on May 16 .
Chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha ( US $ 3 million ) in cash from the Zambia National Commercial Bank in Lusaka .
He has denied the allegations .
Chiluba was Zambia 's first democratically elected president .
He came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms .
( str-sg-sv-dk ) In India , Bechtel along with General Electric are the new owners of the notorious and currently defunct Enron power project .
The Enron contract , which legally binds the Government of the State of Maharashtra to pay Enron a sum of 30 billion dollars , was the largest contract ever signed in India .
Enron was not shy to boast about the millions of dollars it had spent to " educate " Indian politicians and bureaucrats .
The Enron contract in Maharashtra , which was India 's first 'fast-track' private power project , has come to be known as the most massive fraud in the country 's history .
( Enron was another of the Republican Party 's major campaign contributors ) .
The electricity that Enron produced was so exorbitant that the government decided it was cheaper not to buy electricity and pay Enron the mandatory fixed charges specified in the contract .
This means that the government of one of the poorest countries in the world was paying Enron 220 million US dollars a year not to produce electricity ! Now that Enron has ceased to exist , Bechtel and GE are suing the Indian Government for 5.6 billion US dollars .
This is not even a minute fraction of the sum of money that they ( or Enron ) actually invested in the project .
Once more , it 's a projection of profit they would have made had the project materialized .
For a slightly different perspective : " Maharashtra officials say the cost of power supplied by Enron is nearly double the tariff charged by Indian power producers , and used it as an excuse to stop paying state debts to the plant .
" " Enron had signed a power purchase agreement with power utility MSEB eight years ago , under which a $3bn 2,182 Megawatt power plant was to be commissioned .
But the project ran into trouble nearly two years ago with the Indian authorities beginning to delay payments saying Enron 's power tariff was too high ... Though Enron officials refuse to talk about the price they would be willing to sell their stake at , analysts say the US company is demanding about one billion dollars for its investments in India .
So far it has only got offers of about half that amount from Indian companies and financial institutions , but Enron is unwilling to sell its stake at a price lower than the cost .
In case no satisfactory offer comes from the Indian side , Enron will have little option but to go for international arbitration as their investments in the country were guaranteed by the Indian Government .
But arbitration proceedings can be a long and messy affair .
Analysts say both India and Enron have little to gain from a protracted legal battle .
The best way out could be a compromise by which Enron gets less than what it is demanding and more than what the Indians are presently offering .
IOW : No fraud , just a basic business dispute , in which the party reneging on its obligations is the gov't of Maharashtra .
The Maharashtra officials are either incompetent fools , or worse malicious fraudsters who conned an international comapny into building a state-of-the-art power plant for them at a cost of billions of dollars , and then refused payment , knowing the company has no legal recourse except lengthy international arbitration , and will likely sell the plant to them for a fraction of its true value .
frisbieinst ... @ yahoo.com ( Patrick Powers ) wrote ... No ; millions of dollars to bribe Indians to sell out India .
Has anyone published the names of these Indians ? 10 .
Death of Arafat ( 2 ) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week , after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death .
What do you think caused his illness , and could it have been something malicious ( like poisoning ) ? What do you think of Israel 's policies surrounding Arafat 's illness and death ? Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat 's funeral ? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem ? Hello ? Hello , my name is Joe .
I 'm James from Detroit .
Uh , from , uh , New Jersey , but I 'm living in Atlanta now , going to college .
Oh , okay .
All right .
(( I 'm sorry .
)) So , uh , what do you think about Arafat ? Well I , uh , I do n't think there was anything malicious , uh , in terms of his death uh , just looking at him these last , uh , couple of years uh , it seems like he had Alzheimer 's or something .
Yeah , he has been getting older .
Yeah , because he was quivering at the mouth and and hands were shaking .
And I would imagine that living in that compound could n't have been that conducive to his health .
Yeah , he probably should have been in a hospital or a hospice or Right .
you know , if it was that bad .
Right .
Right , I 'm sure that they , I do n't know about , bout the uh sanitary conditions there , but I I just do n't think it could have been , uh , conducive to his health .
And as far as , uh , Israel , uh , allowing him to be buried uh , in Jerusalem That 's accept huh ? That 's acceptable to me .
I mean Well , it , it 's acceptable to me , but I do n't think it was feasible .
feasible Yeah , given the circumstance in that area right now .
I do n't even know if they would have been able to pull it off , you know ? Well , uh , so he , in fact he was n't Pardon me ? so , um no , so he was n't buried in Jerusalem .
No. No , they buried him uh , inside that compound .
Oh , I see .
Yeah , they buried him inside that compound .
But like you say , I do n't , I do n't I personally uh would n't have seen a problem with it , but I just do n't think it was feasible .
I do n't , I do n't think that they would have been uh , secure enough to really do it .
I do n't think either side would have really let it happen and and as far as a senior U.S. official going , I do n't think that would have been necessary either .
Um , I know President Bush should n't have went and he was n't going .
Well , I kind of feel , I kind of feel another way .
I think a senior U.S. service in there , should have been there , because I mean he , Arafat 's been been the one coming to all these peace talks , you know , with President Clinton and , you know , other Mhm .
other um litigations towards that .
Mhm .
You know , I think , I think we could have just showed our face and said you know , yeah , we do recognize this man .
Mhm .
Well it , they sent someone .
I do n't know who it was (( It was n't )) It probably , it was n't anybody important .
It was just like a Yeah it was an under secretary , there 's no doubt about it .
There was no senior there was no senior U.S. official there .
There 's there 's no question about that .
Yeah .
But , uh you know , uh , Bush 's policy towards , uh , Yasser Arafat has been hands off Yeah .
from from the beginning cause I do n't , I do n't think he ever even met with him .
Did he ? I do n't think so .
I do n't think so .
Yeah , I I Bush is kind of like , staying away from the whole Israel Palestinian Mhm .
Now on his part I think that was a mistake .
Yeah .
Yeah , you know you got to engage people in some type of dialogue And if you to me , the talk , the peace talks should have continued after Clinton 's administration left .
True .
Cause at the cause at the end Clinton was doing all this peace talk with Arafat and , um True .
Mhm .
(( forget )) the um , prime minister in Israel , but he was talking to him .
Uh , Sharon .
Sharon , yeah .
Yeah .
Mhm .
They were doing all these talks in Camp David and and it should have just continued when Br Bush came into office .
You 're absolutely right .
I agree .
Like I said , I think that was one of Bush 's biggest mistakes , Mhm .
not continuing the talks .
Because Clinton had came so very close Yes .
to to maybe getting some type of agreement No .
but , uh , Bush just took a hands off approach .
He just kind of took a hands off approach .
And now the situation in , you know , Jerusalem and the West Bank is just escalated .
Absolutely .
And I think too Israel 's position toward Arafat in terms of keeping him sort of like uh surrounded in that compound I do n't think that was a good idea .
No .
You know , because that , you ca n't pick a leader for a people .
Whether you like them or not people get to choose who they want to follow , Exactly .
and the Palestinians had made it clear that Arafat was their leader .
Exactly .
So , I think that they , we should have found a way Israel should have found a way to keep some type of dialogue going along .
Cause uh , I mean , you look at what 's going on now .
Mhm .
I mean , their policy toward him did n't get them anything .
And then you got suicide bombing on the one side , and then you got Israel you know , it 's like one day , you 'll he a bomb will go off , the next day Israel will do and air strike and you know , it 's like going around in a circle .
Yeah .
It 's like going around in a circle .
It 's really a bad situation .
It is .
It is , and it 's , it 's been so long going on , I mean , you 're talking about something that 's been going on historically for hundreds of years .
Hundreds of years and then , it just recently really come into spectrum , Mhm .
what , nineteen forty nine ? Mhm .
Mhm .
When um the Israel state came into being , or whatever .
Right .
Right .
3 .
Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office , and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign .
Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term ? Who are they , and why do you think they should be appointed ? If you were president , which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why ? What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them ? And the one that , oh what 's the the guy that , um Tom Ridge just re resigned yesterday .
He was another one that was I did n't really know that much about him .
I mean , I guess he was kind of the first one on that homeland security or , in charge of that .
But I heard that they were going to one of the possible candidates is the the guy he used to be the chief of police of New York .
Well that 's somebody to me that 's going to have some good insight into , you know , what it takes you know to keep a city secure .
You know , because New York , I do n't know if you 've ever been there Yeah , I went there (( before )) has has has got some different rules from Texas as far as you know you know , running the city .
I mean I , there 's a lot lot more people dense population up there than there is in in Texas and they probably would have uh the pol uh the police chief would probably know well what can work in like , airports or , you know , things , situations like that .
He was , he was a pretty good pretty smart person .
But I , it did n't I ca n't remember his name , but the , I saw an interview with him , and how he , uh ran New York and uh you know , some of the ru you know , they changed some of the rules , uh uh , not rules , but the way they uh The management team protected the city .
The the police kind of changed their tactics and , because there was a lot of oh run down areas , and a lot of crime and they , you know got cleaned it up , and and they passed some laws that said , you know , you could n't , I think it was like , um you know , like homeless people that carrying uh you know , shopping carts , or something like that , and it sounds small to outlaw that .
But they outlawed that because they said a lot of people were stealing stuff .
They 'd stick them in the shopping carts and push them down the road .
You would n't know , oh , they 're just a homeless person .
Well they cut that out and they found out it cut down on the theft .
Uh I guess people hide them in their basket and or taking something and then stick in their basket and the police never you know , bothered them .
Well , the homeless people I guess , they need their shopping cart , so they kind of went elsewhere , so um I mean it 's a small thing , but it was , they just figured out , they were you know , uh learning from experience on what they need to do in the city and I think he would be a good candidate for the Homeland Security , running that .
But , eh , for the foreign po uh this is all all what you are saying is like , about the internal but what about the external policy or something like that ? Whom do you think would be suitable ? The what now policy ? Like , eh , foreign po or international policy or external or Mhm .
uh , whom do you think would be suitable for this position ? To run foreign policy ? Um like , uh well , it was Colin Powell was Secretary , was he Secretary of State ? Is that what that was ? Yeah .
And Condoleezza Rice is going to step into that position , the way I understand it , uh .
Yeah , that 's right .
Yes .
You know , she may be uh uh uh , you know , uh a uh Bush yes person , you know , I do n't know , uh Yeah , so I I do n't think this will change too much I mean .
well mo most most aides to the President , if it was you know , I guess when it was Clinton it was , they 'd probably be kind of yes people too , but , I mean they pick the person to you know , help them and I guess they 're going to have to have philosophies and and run it the way they would or way they 'd want , uh Yeah , actually I agree with you .
I think uh during , uh , Clinton time uh the uh like international policy or the external policy was was much better than uh what what is happening right now , so .
I think if we took Bill Clin Bill Clinton as like , as a foreign policy He he would be he will do a very good job .
I I would say .
Mhm .
Uh , do you think there is uh some other , uh like positions has to be has been has to be created , like uh for the next election .
I 'm s say that again .
I did n't understand .
I mean , I mean , is there any other , eh , positions or Uh , like uh , has to be created like the uh election .
I mean uh , for example they they made , uh a position for like , uh internal eh , security I I think after , eh September eleventh Mhm .
they created a position like that .
Do you think there is some other position has eh have to be created ? I do n't think so .
I do n't think you need uh you never know what 's go going to happen , I mean um what could you know , there could be something hap - Hello all , What is the recommended policy on compensating board members for attending meetings , when they have no vacation time left at work , and are attending the board meeting on their own time , without pay .
We do n't want to lose the contributions of this board member , but this has become a financial issue .
Thanks .
Lynn If your organization is a charity , it is generally considered to be inappropriate , and in some jurisdictions , it is illegal to compensate board members for their service .
You should check out the law in your state and / or country .
It is reasonable , however , to reimburse board members for legitimate and necessary expenses incurred in order to serve on the board .
I wonder if you could make a case for paying someone to replace the board member so the board member can attend meetings .
I 'm not a lawyer , but it seems to me to be similar to reimbursing a board member for a babysitter , which no one questions .
Another possibility is to change the meeting times .
Nathan We are incorporated in Maryland .
There are just 5 of us on the board ( we are a charity 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , although we all live in different states from coast to coast .
It is very difficult to find times for all of us to get together .
Would I need to check the Maryland law or the law in the state in which this board member lives ? Thanks .
In IRS Publication 557 , the sample draft articles of incorporation indicate that NO compensation may be paid to directors .
In fairness , reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses on behalf of the organization including travel and lodging to attend board meetings are allowed .
However , Publication 557 does not explicitly prohibit compensation to directors .
As far as state laws go , you must follow the laws for the states ( 1 ) in which the organization is incorporated and ( 2 ) in which the organization operates .
For an organization that is incorporated in Maryland and has its headquarters in Maryland , the laws of Maryland apply without regard to the states in which the directors live .
Remember , a corporation is legally a " person " , distinct from the corporeal persons who govern , manage , and operate the corporation .
Thus , the laws applying to the corporate person are the laws of the state where that person " lives ". David E. Ross ( URL : ) I use Mozilla as my Web browser because I want a browser that complies with Web standards .
See ( URL : ) .
It is very legal , and an acceptable policy or practice in Canada to pay an honorarium or stipent for people on boards that are active .
Many do this , as they know it is an investment for the time and talents they need .
They also know , as do the recipients , the payment is but a percentage of the true worth of the time and effort , but does show respect for what they are recieving .
Is there anyone who knows of a precedent for this being done for a non-profit in the U.S .
? Thanks ! Yes .
Some Head Start agencies , Community Health Centers , and similar nonprofit organizations serving low-income people have a requirement for " consumer " representation on their boards .
Transportation cost reimbursement , child care accommodation , provision of meals , etc. , can be done either in-kind or in cash .
Michael L. Wyland Sumption & amp ; Wyland 818 South Hawthorne Avenue Sioux Falls , SD 57104-4537 ( 605 ) 336-0244 ( 605 ) 336-0275 ( FAX ) ( 888 ) 4-SUMPTION ( toll-free ) mich ... @ sumptionandwyland.com free e-newsletter sign-up new article : " For CEOs Six Characteristics of Good CEO / Board Relationships " Actually , it would not be advisable to accept Freddy 's comments at face value .
It is not acceptable policy and not legal to pay an honorarium or stipend to directors of charities .
I checked with a lawyer familiar with Canadian charity law , who explained that it is not permitted to remunerate board members of charities for their service as board members .
The prohibition does not apply to directors of nonprofit organizations that are not charities .
In the USA , the rules vary from state to state .
Some states permit board members of charities to be compensated , but it is generally not done .
Donors , funders , and the general public share the view that directors of charities should act gratuitiously .
It is permitted everywhere , however , to reimburse directors for necessary expenses incurred in order to serve .
If your organization is a charity , you need to check your state law and act very carefully if you are considering paying board members .
Nathan Being someone that works and lives in Canada , and in the non-profit industry , it is done , and it is very legal .
Take a look at any of the large student unions , they all pay their elected board members an honorarium , as do many of the large foundations .
It is legal , and it is done .
2 .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
How many people work there , and what is the hierarchy ? Who works for whom ? What kind of job do you have ? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do .
Do you think your company is well-run ? If not , what could make it better ? Hello .
Hello , hello .
Hey , I 'm I 'm Jim .
Hi .
Hi Jim , I 'm Mark .
Hey Mark .
How 're you doing ? Okay .
I guess it 's uh about what your workplace , something .
Yeah .
I did n't quite hear all of it .
Yeah .
Well , I guess , uh workplace culture is the Yeah .
what your position is with the company , what kind of people are in the jobs you have with the people that work there , and I guess I guess the environment too , I 'm not sure Yeah .
Uh the point of the question .
Yeah , it was kind of off bag a little bit to me , I do n't know .
Yeah .
Yeah .
did n't quite understand all of it .
Um well I work I work I 'm i in work in sales .
Uh work for a company , called Pacesetters Corporation .
Um it 's a sales company , you know .
They do home improvements , like Sears Okay .
Actually , they 're the largest home improvement company in the United States .
Aha .
Oh , I 'm from West Virginia .
I do n't know where where 're you from ? I 'm from Connecticut .
Connecticut .
Nice and cold up there right now , huh ? But It 's not too bad .
We 're used to it .
at least it 's not twenty below .
Not yet .
But um that 's basically what I do , and I do n't know .
Um So do you have like an office that you 're in a lot , or Hm ? Well yeah , I have an office .
Uh not me personally , but we uh we all meet there and we we have our little sales meetings every morning .
right .
Uh-huh .
And that 's pretty much it .
I mean , we go over whatever whatever has to be talked about that day , and then they 're all we just kind of go out and do our appointments in the afternoon , or in the evenings .
You know , we have to meet with uh people that come to ~ K Mart or Sam 's Club .
They have a interest in home improvements , and they fill out stuff .
Ah .
That 's how they get their leads .
It 's not any cold-calling .
Mhm .
We just pretty much go that way .
And you know , we have .
It said does how many people work there .
In our local office we probably have about ten .
With our sales manager .
Branch manager .
Yeah .
It 's about ten in the office .
That 's in Fairmont , West Virginia , it 's like oh , between Charleston and Pittsburgh .
Oh , okay .
Okay , so the ice will be annoying soon .
I see .
(( )) Yeah , I 'm from Morgantown .
Ah .
If you 're familiar with that area .
Vaguely , yeah .
It would be kind of south of you .
Actually south south So , it 's West from where I am , but y - south southwest of you .
So yeah .
Right .
But I have been to Pittsburgh , so .
Mhm .
So yeah .
So you were in Pittsburgh , and you went a hundred miles to the south , or eighty miles south , you 'd be in Fairmont .
Okay .
Yeah , I did go through West Virginia , one time through from Pittsburgh .
I had relatives that lived outside of Pittsburgh , once , and I went to Florida from there , so I did go through West Virginia .
Mhm .
Mm .
Unfortunately , I did n't get to see too much of it .
I It 's all country , and all out in the middle of nowhere .
I noticed that too , yeah .
Mhm .
(( It 's no )) Beautiful country though .
Yeah , it 's pretty and stuff .
If you 're in the like a big city or even in oh well , I do n't know where you live in Connecticut but I mean , are you like near New Haven or Uh , no , I 'm a or out more in the country ? between Waterbury and Hartford .
Hartford , yeah .
Such a big er city .
Hartford 's pretty big , right ? Yeah , it 's a good size .
But I mean , I think our largest city in West Virginia 's like less than a hundred thousand people .
That 's Charleston , the capital .
Is that right ? Yeah .
Bigger than Wheeling , huh ? We only have , we only have one point eight million people in our whole state .
Oh , okay .
U.S. forces moving ever closer to Baghdad , but military officials say they are not counting on capitulation .
For a look at what might lie ahead for U.S. forces , let 's turn to our Miles O'Brien in Atlanta .
Thank you very much , Judy .
To help guide us through all this discussion about red zones , and daggers and exactly what is the strength of the Republican Guard , we turn to Colonel Patrick Lang .
He 's retired with the United States Army .
He spent some time in the Defence Intelligence Agency , among other things .
Colonel , good to have you with us .
You 're welcome .
What do you suppose right now would be the governor on the forward advance ? Is it the Republican Guard or is it the U.S. and coalition supply lines ? Or both ? Well , they are close enough up to Baghdad now so that the supply line issue is probably not a big one since they had time to restock , food , fuel and ammunition .
So , probably the main thing is combing through the rubble that the air force has left of these Republican Guard divisions to make sure there are no strong points that you leave behind , that could threaten your lines of supply once they get past .
Once they are satisfied they are through all that , I would imaging there will be a pause while they start to reconnoiter into Baghdad , probing hard to see how much resistance there really is .
Well , let me ask you that .
First of all , I just wanted to tell viewers where we just took our satellite imagery .
This is that Karbala area which is about 50 miles from Baghdad .
Baghdad is roughly in that direction from there .
We know the vanguard is supposedly as close as 15 miles .
One of the next key points along the way here is Saddam international airport .
Do you suppose that is a key target right now ? Oh , I 'm sure it is .
I mean a feature of that importance would always be something you 'd want to hold .
And besides , as soon as you get control of it you 'd be able to start using it for air operations , and put a survey team in there as soon as it 's secured , and then start using it for helicopter operations , haul forward some big bladders of fuel to refuel helicopters and rearm them and things like that .
And if the front stabilizes between there and the downtown Baghdad , they 'll start using it for a fixed wing aircraft as well .
Now , as you go from Saddam International Airport into town you see there are some big , wide divided highways there .
Control of these highways will be crucial wo n't it ? Yeah , these are the high-speed approaches into the heart of the city and armored forces like the 3rd Mechanized Infantry Division just love high-speed approaches .
They will try to go down those things , cutting the city up into sectors as best they can , and then work on the specific sectors of the city they think are a key terrain .
I would think , probably , various facilities as well as major government buildings that they need to control to set up a new government .
It 's a big city , about the size of Philadelphia or thereabouts .
Some have said Chicago is a good analogy .
Tremendous amount of force needed to control a city of that source , or am a wrong ? Well , it depends on the attitude of the populous , which is not clear yet .
If the population , in fact , or at least a big part of them like the Shia half of the population , if they want to be liberated , then you can control them with a fairly small force .
If , in fact , a lot of people in the city do n't want to be liberated and you 're never going to know that until you try , then you 're going to need a much larger force , and we might end up waiting a couple of weeks for reinforcements .
Based on what you 've seen so far , what is your sense of that ? The Shias are a bit gun shy , if you will , in the south because of what happened in 1991 .
They rose up , did n't get American support .
Do you suppose it will be a different story in Baghdad ? Is there a lot of latent hatred for Saddam Hussein that will come out ? Yes , there is , but these folks are going to be mighty cautious .
They have a long history of being kicked around by the Sunni Arab population of central Iraq .
And they do n't have any particular reason to trust us , so far .
So they 'll wait and see what happens .
It 's the other people in the city you have to worry about , who are ethnically much the same as the Saddam Hussein regime .
And their behavior right now is unpredictable .
Colonel Patrick Lang , retired , United states Army , thanks for your insights .
A man who has been to Baghdad many times and can tell us with great knowledge exactly what it 's going to be like to fight on those avenues in that sprawling city of Baghdad Judy .
Always helps Miles to hear a voice of experience .
Thank you and thanks to Colonel Lang .
When we come back , hopes rising among investors .
That means stocks were up today on Wall Street as they look at the progress of the war in Iraq .
We 're going to check in with Rhonda Schaffler at the stock exchange in just a moment .
You 'd think he was busy enough with Blockbuster and Hollywood , but Carl Icahn is once again going after Mylan labs .
I 'd love to call it a classic raid he 's making an offer for the company , nominating his own board , claiming management can accept one or the other or both , and hinting that if they paid him enough , he 'd probably go away .
But the whole point of raiding is to outsmart an opponent , and that means the strategy changes constantly .
In this case , the most interesting twist is that he 's shorting shares of Mylan 's acquisition target , King Pharmaceuticals ; he 's basically doubling down on the bet that they wo n't acquire .
Not only that , but if Mylan bought him out , they 'd have less money to fund a purchase of King Pharmaceuticals .
Either way , he 's showing a lot of confidence .
Given his record , it 's warranted .
1 .
Future Elections Who do you think should run for President / Vice President in 2008 , and why ? Give details about the people you suggest their names , what they do now , and why you think they would do a good job as President .
Some names that have come up in the press are Hillary Clinton , Colin Powell , Barak Obama , Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jeb Bush .
What do you think of these candidates ? Who would hate to see run for President in 2008 ? Hi , I 'm Suzanne from Philadelphia .
Hi , this is Sara , from California .
Hi .
Hey .
So who do you think should run ? uh I do n't know .
I was going to say , that 's quite the topic. um I have n't thought about it much .
I know my husband said he thinks that uh Colin Powell should but I do n't think he will .
I I do n't he think will either , because he turned it down in two thousand and four .
Right , and Sorry , two thousand and two thousand .
Two thousand , yeah , the one before that .
Yeah .
Yeah. uh I 'm not very fond of Hillary Clinton , so I I do n't think I 'd go for her , but but uh what do you think ? um I am reluctant to see another Bush brother on the ticket for the Republicans Mhm .
but I think that putting Jeb Bush would make h the Republican ticket easier to defeat .
Mhm .
um I really do n't think that Hillary Clinton would be a good choice for the Democrats .
Yeah .
um I do n't think Barak Obama would be a very good choice for the Democrats .
Uh-huh .
Just because he 's he 's really young , and he 's going to be starting off his career .
Uh-huh .
um I would almost like to see John Edwards on the ticket again .
Uh-huh .
Yeah. uh Yeah .
Did they ever do that one ? That 's n the that 's happened before , has n't it , where someone who who was defeated ran again ? Yeah .
They do n't do it very often , probably just because they figure if he lost once , he 'll Well I I think he 's a really good candidate , and four more years could really help him develop his um could help him develop hi his voting record especially .
Right .
And I think that would help the Democratic ticket a lot .
Right , because that 's something he got kind of uh got brought up a lot .
Yeah .
Hm .
Well , they let 's see .
I mean , I 'd like to s I 'd like to see the Greens run David Cobb again .
Uh-huh. uh See , hav I have n't paid much attention to them , I I kind of looked at the the other listed candidates but I figure they d they d none of them had enough support to get close , so Yeah .
um trying to think who else Arnold Schwarzenegger I do n't think well he 's not qualified anyway , but Well , they might change something , you know , between now and then .
I 've heard people say that would take a I I do n't think they will. uh That takes a Constitutional amendment .
That 's pretty hard to to get through .
Well , I mean , you live in California .
How is he doing in your state ? Oh , I think he 's done all right , um I I He 's a he 's a moderate Republican , you know , he 's not Right .
he 's not uh hard core Republican , so he works pretty well with since this is this is mostly a Democratic State .
He does pretty well .
um They 've been talking about getting the Canadian-born governor of I think Minnesota Mhm .
to run as well. um Hm .
It 'd be the first woman running .
Right .
Have they never had a woman run before ? I know they 've Well , Geraldine Ferraro well the first woman for a major party .
Geraldine Ferraro ran Uh-huh .
as Vice President for the Democrats , I believe Uh-huh .
um in the eighties .
Right .
But they 've never had a woman as a major candidate Uh-huh .
for President .
Right .
Yeah .
It 's got to happen at some point .
Right .
Because Elizabeth Dole did n't make it too well .
Right .
Yeah , she was she was going to be the was she going to be the Vice President I think she was g actually going for President herself .
candidate ? She was actually going for President ? I 'd like to see her come back. um I think she 's fantastic .
Uh-huh .
Yeah , I And she 's she 's not too hard-core Republican .
Right .
Yeah .
I do n't know .
This This uh last election being just over , I had n't really started thinking much about the next one .
Right .
Do you think any of the s any other state governors have a really good chance ? uh I 'm You know , I I mean obviously , if Schwarzenegger could run , he 's got the name recognition , but I would be really surprised both to see him run and to see him win , but then again I was a little bit surprised when he won California , so With U.S. forces rolling closer and closer to Baghdad , the military seems to be zeroing in on the ground war .
But , as it has from the beginning , air power remains an important part of the battle .
Let 's check in with CNN 's Gary Tuchman at an air base near Iraq .
Gary you 've seen it firsthand from the first moments .
Well , that 's right , Judy .
In two weeks after the air war began , there is no let-up and no effective response from the Iraqis .
According to the Air Force , at any given time , there are more 200 coalition aircraft either over Iraq , flying to Iraq or flying from Iraq .
We come to you from a base near the Iraqi border .
Many pilots are flying these A-10 attack planes behind me .
They also fly F-16s .
There are also Marine FA-18s and Marine Heriers at this base .
We can tell you that a lot of pilots of this base are not flying to another base in Iraq .
It 's a base that was taken over by the coalition last week .
And we spent part of the day at that base .
And when you arrive there , you are greeted in a sense by Saddam Hussein .
This is Talil , Iraq .
The Talil Air Base .
But the are no more Iraqis here , the coalition took over this base last week .
It 's now a major staging point .
You know you are in Iraq when you drive down the road coming into the base and see the portrait of Saddam Hussein .
What 's happen is the military personnel who have arrived here have taken out their markers and are writing messages on Saddam Hussein 's portrait .
You can see the main one here on the bottom and also here messages like , we won , April 1 , 2003 .
Want to give you a look .
There 's a lot of security personnel here .
You can look over there and you can see the military vehicles .
These are Air Force Security Forces with their rifles patrolling the entrance .
There is a lot of fighting in this area .
We 're near the town of Nasiriya .
But this base now is considered secure enough to make it a major staging point for the coalition .
A short time ago we talked to a pilot at this base who has been to that Iraqi base and he too says he has signed that mural right on Saddam Hussein 's sash .
After he told us that , we asked him during his missions , and he 's flown about 30 in the last two weeks , we asked him does he still have any artillery being fired at him ? Yesterday I was up just south of Baghdad by 30 miles and we were fighting SA-2s and SA-6s and AAA on the ground .
So they 're still out there .
But the air power and the air package that we take to the fight , we continue to be effective .
And we attrit the Medina forces down to less than 50 percent .
And when we put our power punch to them and then the Army and the Marines move forward it 's a very effective , coordinated effort .
Lieutenant Colonel Webb ( ph ) is telling us he has a mission this very evening .
We want to tell you the Air Force has just informed us that between this morning and tomorrow morning , it will fly 1,900 sorties into Iraq .
A total over the last two weeks now of close to 24,000 sorties .
Before we go , one more thing we want to tell you about , superstitions .
Military people are very superstitious , like many of us are .
Here at this particular base they get their MREs , their MREs are their Meals Ready to Eat .
They come in a bag .
And when you get an MRE you get your meal and you get a little treat with it .
What a lot of people here at this base do , when their treat happens to be this one , this is the candy called Charms , many of the people refuse to eat their Charms .
They consider it a good luck charm to keep their Charms in their clothes and not to eat them .
So one little superstitious tale for you , Judy .
Back to you .
Well , I 'm one of those who thinks that we need to pay attention to our superstitions .
Gary , one another quick question for you .
That air base that coalition forces have now taken control of near Nasiriya .
Are you able to say , are they actually using it or getting much use out of it ? What they are doing , Judy , some of these A-10s behind me go there to refuel , to stage operations further north .
They also fly these HH-60 helicopters , they 're the search and rescue helicopters used in case they have to search and find somebody on the ground .
They stage there and refuel .
But right now , none of them are permanently based there , although the plan is for that to eventually happen .
All right , Gary Tuchman with some Charms .
You saw him holding it .
I will be talking with a ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Senator Joe Biden , just ahead , for his take on how the war is going .
Could Tony Blair be in line for a gold medal ? Tales of how some in Congress want to honor the British prime minister .
we begin we will finish .
[ applause ] d the extra $400 per child to American families this year , 2003 .
All together these tax reductions will help 92 million Americans .
And a significant part of the benefit to our economy will come within the first two years of the plan .
A family of four with an income of $40,000 would receive a 96 % reduction in federal income taxes .
Instead of paying $1,178 per year , the family would pay $45 a year .
[ applause ] that means extra money in the family budget year after year .
That money can cover a lot of bills .
That money can help families with purchases they have been delaying .
That money will be in circulation , which will be good for our economy .
[ applause ] and this plan will help our small business sector .
The benefits of the growth plan will come from uncreased consumer spending and , as importantly , from a lower income tax rates on the small businesses themselves .
It is important for our fellow citizens to understand that most small businesses pay their business taxes at the individual rates .
Most small businesses are sole proprietorships , limited partnerships , are subchapter SS , and , therefore , when you reduce individual tax rates , you benefit small business formation .
As a matter of fact , under this plan , some 23 million small business owners will see their taxes cut. which leaves more money for investment , more money for growth , more money for job creation .
A growing economy also needs small business investment .
And our tax code should encourage investment .
Today a small business can deduct a maximum of $25,000 in the year in which they buy equipment .
We need to triple the amount that can be deducted in the year in which they buy equipment .
[ applause ] so I propose to Congress that they ought to limit limit ought to be increased to $75,000 and that limit ought to be indexed to inflation .
By doing so , we promote greater investment in machinery .
And when a small business bias machine that enhances their company 's product divty as well as it means machinery manufacturer is likely to have more work available .
More investment equals jobs .
And what we are interested in in this administration is helping people who look for work find a job .
[ applause ] we can also promote economic growth and job creation by removing the double tax on dividends .
[ applause ] taxing corporate income once is fair .
It is not fair for the federal government to tax the same money twice .
The burden of double taxation falls on the millions of individuals who receive dividends .
Falls especially hard on seniors who receive half of all dividend income .
Removal of double taxation would put more money in the hands of investors .
It would encourage more investment in American businesses .
Economists say that this plan will help our stock markets , and since half of American families own stock , the reform will help them save and help our economy grow .
Now , these measures were presented to Congress in the first week of this year .
The pro growth package was urgent in January .
It 's even more urgent today .
[ applause ] it is important for you all to understand and for our fellow Americans to understand the tax relief that I have proposed and will push for until enacted would create [ applause ] will create 1.4 million new jobs by the end of 2004 .
In two years time , this nation has experienced war , a recession and a national emergency. which has caused our government to run a deficit .
The best way to reduce the deficit is with more growth in our economy , which means more revenues to our treasury , and less spending in Washington , D.C .
[ applause ] I am pleased that both the House and Senate have passed budget resolutions that show real spending restraint .
And now the Congress must focus on a robust and effective growth package .
We need at least $550 billion in that package because the more tax relief that goes to the American people , the more jobs we will create in this economy .
[ applause ] the last few months have been a time of challenge for America .
Our resolve has been tested .
Yet we have the great resources of national strength .
And national character .
To overcome every challenge we face .
Our confidence an our optimism have never waivered .
We are defending the peace of the world .
We 're bringing freedom to corners of the world who have n't seen freedom in years .
We 're all building the prosperity of our country .
This is a unique moment in our history and the American people are rising to meet it .
I want to thank each of you for your hard work .
I want to thank each of you for the faith you have shown in this country 's future .
May God bless you , and may God continue to bless America .
[ applause ] Some pictures .
Well , Laith Kubba is an Iraqi exile who has family members in Iraq .
Mr. Kubba is a senior fellow at a think tank called the National Endowment for Democracy .
He is also the president of a group of Iraqi exiles , a group called the Iraq National Group .
He joins us now from London to talk about rebuilding his country .
Mr. Kubba , first of all , your thoughts as you 've watched these scenes of Baghdad , the Saddam Hussein regime falling in the last day ? It is a huge sigh of relief , because it could have been much worse and Baghdad could have been a war theater with more destruction to property .
And , obviously , there are four million people who could have suffered more .
So , there is a sigh of relief that it is not worse .
But , obviously , there is a great , great concern about the scenes that you 've been showing on television .
Are you talking to family members now in Baghdad and around Iraq ? And , if you are , how concerned are they about the lawlessness ? Well , not in the recent three or four days .
There are no phone lines to Baghdad .
In other parts of Iraq , I received with great sadness the killing of one close colleague , Saeed Abu Naji Abhuey ( ph ) in Najaf .
He was not killed by former members of the Baath Party or the security of the army , but by just a local organized group .
So those signs to me are worrying .
People are sensing and feeling the lack of authority or the power vacuum and are testing it .
And the more they test , the more I think they are claiming .
How difficult will it be to sort out who will next hold power in Iraq after this transition period , however long it is , where the U.S. is in charge ? Well , one needs to break down this process into various elements .
Today , there should be an authority .
And it 's very likely that the U.S. and the British forces are the authority on land .
And there ought to be administration .
And this ought to be primarily by Iraqis .
But when it comes to government , I think we really need to map out step by step how to move from this power vacuum to the day we have elections .
We need to involve the U.N. We need to involve all Iraqi forces in the country , outside the country .
But we need to do it quickly , because every day passes by with this vacuum , it 's going to spell trouble .
Well , we know , Mr. Kubba , there are several Iraqi exiles groups competing for influence .
Is one of them going to have an advantage ? And , particularly , I have in mind the Iraqi National Congress that Mr. Chalabi , who was assisted by U.S. forces in getting back into Iraq ? I think it 's one thing to gain fame and access to Washington .
It 's totally another to gain legitimacy and functioning grounds inside Iraq .
And I think plans must not be drawn in thin air out in Washington .
It must really be drawn on the ground inside Iraq .
And there are 22 million people there .
It 's not a void .
It 's not a vacuum .
And I think all plans must be anchored there in Iraq in its reality .
So does one group have an advantage over another now ? There are different groups who have advantage over others in different parts of the country .
Unfortunately , we do not have a national group that can appeal to Iraqis as Iraqis within a credible voice.This needs to be constructed , maybe through a conference to be held in Baghdad , where representatives from provinces all over Iraq need to participate , as well as political groups .
But we do not have a single group , a single leadership or a single council yet .
We 're talking with Laith Kubba , who is the president of a group of Iraqi exiles .
The group is called the Iraq National Group .
Mr. Kubba , we thank you so much for talking to us from London .
Thank you .
We appreciate it .
Thank you .
Here in Washington , members of the House of Representatives come together to support America 's armed forces .
Up next : a live report on that ceremony and the latest efforts to pass a spending bill to pay for the war .
BEIJING ( AP ) An accident on a diesel-powered Chinese submarine has killed all 70 officers and sailors aboard , the official Xinhua News Agency reported Friday .
The accident occurred `` recently '' in Chinese waters east of the Neichangshan islands , the brief Chinese-language report said .
The islands are in the Yellow Sea , between the northeastern province of Liaoning and North Korea .
The submarine was on an exercise when the accident occurred , and `` because of a mechanical malfunction , the 70 crew members on board died , '' the Xinhua report said .
It did not give further details or say how the crew died .
The vessel already has been towed back to an unidentified port , Xinhua said .
It said the hull number was 361 , which military analysts said appeared to make it a Ming-class submarine , a vessel used for patrols and coastal defense .
The announcement was unusual for a communist government that rarely acknowledges military accidents .
It was the first time China has announced a fatal submarine mishap , said Bernard Cole , a professor at the U.N. National War College in Washington and a specialist on the Chinese navy .
`` There have been rumors going around about the loss of submarines , but this is the first fatal accident that I know of , '' said Cole .
China 's military , which has a tradition of secrecy , did not comment about the accident Friday night .
Foreign military analysts said it would be highly unusual for an accident to kill a whole submarine crew while still allowing the vessel to be recovered .
They suggested possible causes ranging from a sinking in shallow water to a disaster that flooded the vessel with toxic chemical fumes .
Michael McGinty , an expert on the Chinese navy from the Royal United Services Institute for Defense Studies in London , said that the mishap likely happened while the submarine was on the surface .
If the accident happened when the vessel was underwater , it was less likely that China could have recovered it , said McGinty , a former British submariner .
`` For an accident to have been so catastrophic when the submarine was on the surface , I find it a very mysterious thing , '' he said .
McGinty said that the submarine 's batteries might have leaked acid that mixed with seawater , creating toxic chlorine gas that killed the crew .
The torpedoes might have leaked propellant that poisoned the crew , he said .
The accident could have occurred as long ago as March , said Cole , a former U.S. Navy antisubmarine warfare officer .
`` There have been exercises going on in the Yellow Sea over the past two months , '' he said .
`` This boat could have been involved in those exercises and gone down over a month ago .
'' Cole said the loss of all hands suggested the vessel was flooded or sank because of a collision or engineering problem .
He said Ming-class subs usually carry a crew of 50 , suggesting that the others aboard might have been technicians or staff officers .
China began building the Ming-class subs in the 1970s , and they are obsolete by modern standards , according to the Federation of American Scientists .
The first three Ming-class subs were completed between 1971 and 1979 , and one of them was scrapped after a fire , according to the Web site of Jane 's Information Group , a leading of source defense information .
China is believed to have as many as 19 Ming-class submarines .
China 's submarine fleet includes 66 boats , most of them aging diesel-electric vessels , McGinty said .
He said the fleet suffers from a chronic lack of money , training and maintenance .
But the Chinese are aggressively updating their fleet with Russian-made Kilo-class diesel-electric subs .
`` The submarine force is the most potent part of the Chinese navy , '' said Cole .
Despite the difficulty of maintaining a fleet , subs are valuable because they are hard to detect , Cole said .
In a conflict over Taiwan or some other confrontation , he said , `` China 's ability to field a force of even a dozen submarines could pose a big problem for any other naval force .
'' Xinhua said former President Jiang Zemin , who is chairman of the commission that runs China 's military , on Friday sent condolences to family members of the crew .
earlier we talk about a new book claiming that President John Kennedy had an affair with a White House intern early 1960s .
A Kennedy biographer Robert Dallek came across the story while doing research .
The woman 's name has remain a mystery .
The 60-year-old tells the New York Daily News and others DPA she is glad to have the weight she 's been carrying for 41 years now off her shoulders .
She says she was 19 at the time , working in D.C. at the White House , 1962 , 1963 , she says today the allegations about her affair are the truth .
Right now she lives on the upper east side , works at a Presbyterian Church , has two married daughters and after the news is out , after carrying it for 41 years , she feels better about it .
This news breaking just today .
Robert Dallek tried to do the research to track this woman down in the book , it did not happen but now she has indeed come forward .
And , as we listened to John King 's report , we can tell you that President Bush has just his plane has just landed at Andrews Air Force Base , just close to the Washington area , the president having flown back to the United States from that meeting in Northern Ireland in Belfast with the British prime minister , Tony Blair .
You just heard John reporting about it .
They primarily talked about the war in Iraq , the aftermath of Iraq .
But they also discussed the Middle East and , as well , getting the Northern Ireland peace process started up again .
It has been said that Saddam Hussein ruled Iraq with an iron fist .
I guess you can say in the past tense .
His regime has left behind some disturbing evidence to support those claims .
The abandoned secret police headquarters in Basra is just one example .
ITN 's Bill Neely is with the Royal Marines and he takes us on a tour of Basra 's chamber of horrors .
Saddam Hussein 's Iraq is a state of terror , and this is where it 's planned and perpetrated , the headquarters of his secret police , this one in Basra .
No British soldier has been here yet .
Today , as I walked in , I met Iraqis , none of whom had ever been inside willingly .
What was to follow was a horrific education in terror and torture : in the smoking basement of the bombed building , a warren of cells .
Here , prisoners were tortured .
Yes , of course .
People died .
People died , people in prison without court , without trial .
Any people who Saddam did not like .
Of course .
Of course .
The building is crumbling .
Down we went , further to cells that had no light , little air , cockroaches , filth , and , on the ground , a gas mask and bottles of chemicals .
You can imagine this every day , every month .
So many people come here , but we do n't know about them at all .
These ordinary Iraqis had been terrified to come here , until today , though one student on the left had been here before .
He was one of the prisoners here .
( on camera ) : For how long ? Eight years .
Eight , nine , eight years .
And his crime for eight years in jail ? He prayed too much and was seen as a dangerous radical .
( on camera ) : More cells .
( voice-over ) : But the Mukhabarat headquarters had more horrors to reveal .
And they tied their hands behind and hung them and hung them for many days .
These men had relatives murdered here .
So desperate are they to tell their story that they began reenacting what they and their brothers and friends have suffered .
The hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only , another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture .
Saddam Hussein controlled Iraq through fear , torture and execution .
And it happened here to tens of thousands of Iraqis that Saddam 's secret police deemed dangerous .
This man cowered for months , crammed with 300 mothers into a huge cell .
Hamid Fatil ( ph ) may look like he 's acting , but he was tortured here , along with his two brothers , who were executed .
This man was here , too , with his brother .
They sentenced him to death .
And they sent him to Baghdad and killed .
He was hanged there , hanged .
There 's a prisoner under the name of Ahmed Adis Aeid ( ph ) .
They kept records of prisoners , these and their fingerprints all that 's left of them , apart from the photographs they took of exactly what they had done .
( on camera ) : If there is an evil center to Saddam Hussein 's regime , then it is surely here and in other places of torture .
And there 's plenty here that we simply cannot show you .
In this block , it was men over here , hundreds of them , and women and children here .
( voice-over ) : To call all this a chamber of horrors is a cliche .
And this place is beyond cliche .
The hundreds or thousands who died here who were given no trial , no voice , cry out .
On the ground , I found a book called " The Psychology of Interrogation , " as if the men who worked here for Saddam needed a handbook .
I was glad of the fresh air and glad to leave , glad I could .
No one knows yet whether the new Iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear , the horror of torture .
Bill Neely , ITV News , Basra .
Unspeakable .
Journalists killed in the line of duty in Baghdad how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be ? Our Jeff Greenfield examines that question when we come back .
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE .
Maybe it 's just me , but I think Michael Jackson , he 's kooky , wacky .
Time now for " Fireback , " where our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics right in .
Don from Denver , Colorado writes , " Paul , you keep referencing Halliburton selling equipment to Iraq " which I do .
" I recall , as reported in 'The Wall Street Journal , ' that the transactions were legal .
Is it possible that the equipment allowed Iraq to produce oil for the Oil for Food program authorized by the U.N .
? " They were legal because Mr. Cheney 's company used a loophole .
They went through a foreign subsidiary .
But they did enrich Saddam Hussein and his evil , ruthless regime , and they were immoral .
They were wrong .
Dick Cheney should have never profited off of doing business with Saddam Hussein .
I would agree with that .
What does that have to do with the war in Iraq ? It means Cheney is a hypocrite .
He 's trying to lead us into a war against one of his valued customers .
Well it 's a complete ... You 're attacking the man .
That 's irrelevant to the argument .
I 'm attacking his business practices .
No , no , you 're attacking OK great .
That 's great .
But it has nothing to do whether we should go to war with Iraq or not .
Well yesterday he was a valued customer , today he 's an even villain .
Right .
So we 're against Dick Cheney , but that does n't have anything to do with Saddam Hussein .
Chad Hensley , from Fairfax , Virginia , writes , " France , Russia and German have all multi-billion dollar oil deals with Saddam in Iraq .
I wonder why they protest the war with Iraq .
It must be the humanitarian reasons .
" Well , Chad , that 's what liberals assume .
That Europe is against the war on humanitarian and moral grounds , but the U.S. is for the war because it wants to profit for the oil companies .
It is a weird assumption , do n't you think ? As you know , I 've never said that .
You have n't .
I do n't believe for a minute that this is a war for oil .
I think it 's unwise , it 's unjust , it 's unwarranted , but I do n't think it 's about oil .
Now , the reason that France , Russia and Germany are against war is because they have democracies .
The people are against it .
It 's called democracy .
Those leaders are reflecting the views of their people .
They hate America , Paul .
An apparent friendly fire incident in northern Iraq is taking more of a toll on Kurdish leaders than we knew at first .
Eighteen people are now reported dead .
And there are late reports that the 45 wounded include the brother and a son of a Kurdish political leader .
Julian Manyon of ITN has more from Northern Iraq .
It is another friendly fire disaster .
This morning , an American bomb destroyed a convoy carrying high officials of the Kurdish Peshmerga forces , which have been fighting alongside the Americans on the northern front .
At least 17 Kurdish commanders and their guards were killed , along with an interpreter working for the BBC .
More than 40 were injured .
The military chief of the Kurdish KDP , the brother of their leader , Massud Barzani ( ph ) , was gravely hurt .
( on camera ) : Trying to organize a northern front with just a few hundred U.S. Special Forces troops and the poorly armed Kurdish Peshmerga guerrillas was always going to be a high-risk exercise .
The idea was to open the way with heavy sustained American bombing of Iraqi positions .
But today , it all went disastrously wrong .
( voice-over ) : Even as we filmed the wreckage , U.S. jets were still dropping their bombs nearby .
Giant explosions erupted down the road .
Earlier , we had joined another convoy of U.S. Special Forces troops and Kurdish fighters as they tried to move south through country abandoned by the Iraqi army .
At first , all was calm .
American troops controlled the operation from a rooftop .
Then , as the Kurds advanced again , the Iraqis opened up .
( on camera ) : Now we 're hearing the boom of Iraqi guns as they fire towards our positions .
All morning , the Kurds have been trying to advance , and that was the shell going off .
( voice-over ) : The Iraqi gunners rapidly found our range , and we took refuge in an abandoned farm house .
Get down .
Get down ! We finally managed to get out by car .
Here in the north , Iraqi tanks and guns are still firing , and the American effort is looking a little ragged .
Julian Manyon , ITV News , on the northern front .
Julian Manyon with some very dramatic pictures as we look at the live pictures of Baghdad at night .
We will take a short break , our live coverage continues .
5 .
Death of Arafat ( 1 ) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week .
Do you think Arafat 's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ? Was Arafat a good leader ? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died ? What , if anything , should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process ? Hi , good evening .
Hi .
Wha I did n't catch your name .
What 's your name ? Gandhi from New York .
You ? Gindhi ? New York .
Yeah .
From New York .
Yeah .
Uh , Marco from Illinois .
Okay , Mark .
Uh , I think it 's fresh topic for tonight .
Yeah , yeah .
Good topic .
It 's a good topic .
So what do you think ? Well , um , I would I would have to start I would have to start , generally , in stating stating what I think is the problem and with the Middle East and what For me , one of the major problems is the fact that the United States government gives so much aid to the state of Israel .
In which , the state of Israel buys many expensive military weapons , ah , which is used to oppress and to kill a lot of Palestinians .
So , for me , that 's the that 's essentially the root of the problem .
And , um , Yasser Arafat was kind of in a difficult position , because you have these , um , incredibly oppressed and in some ways imprisoned , uh , Palestinians , and if Arafat had n't , um , tried to stand up and help them and and fight for their rights , then m they would n't have respected Arafat , but then again , you know , he could n't be too friendly with the West , um , and , um , and so he did the best he could , I think .
It 's a difficult leadership role .
Mhm .
Yeah .
Um , what do Well , how about you ? I think , yeah , more or less , I c I agree with what you said .
It 's almost , this is my view as well .
And the question is , what next ? I mean , some idea from Israeli side , they were saying he was a problem , and if he goes , everything will be quite easy .
Yeah .
Fine .
Now he 's not in anymore .
Yeah .
So , let us wait and see .
Hope .
If he was a problem himself , hope uh , the coming one will be in a good position to negotiate with the other side , Israel , and then peace can be achieved .
Yeah .
Uh , we have to wait and see , but , uh , it seems it 's not easy .
But , I , eh , I get the feeling that It 's almost The peace process We ca n't put it on the ro or the the whole responsibility of the pre peace process ca n't be the leader of a a group that is I do n't know , in my view , has not ver not very many resources to fight to fight this battle that their trying to fight against a government that has taken away a lot of their land , that , you know , does n't allow them to really move around in their own country .
So , unless that stops , the , um , the leader of the Palestinians really ca n't do too much to further the peace process , because there are a lot of bad things happening to the people of that leader .
That 's correct , as well .
Yeah , so it 's it 's kind of , it 's it seems like the , um , the media , at least in the United States , is putting all of this focus and responsibility on the leader of the Palestinians , as if it was Arafat 's fault that any of any of the violence was caused .
So , it seems like an unfair treatment of of , you know , the leader of the Palestinian people .
Um , yeah .
Yes .
That 's absolutely correct .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Hm .
Actually , it it 's a good topic to be choosing , I mean , uh , because it 's one of the fresh topics .
Yeah .
How long have you been with the study ? Uh , this is probably my tenth or eleventh conversation .
Tenth , eleven .
Almost the same like me .
So , the other days , which one was quite interesting to you ? Um , well , there 's been a couple where they 've they talked about the Cabinet for Bush , and Bush has been , um , you know , selecting new Cabinet members and all of the new members are people that I 'm I do n't really know very well .
So , there 's been some topics where I 'm I did n't have very much information .
Other topics you know , usually about the election that that , um , I did have a lot of things , um , to say .
Yeah .
Are you are you , um , are you from the United States , or do you come from , uh - I came from the area , I 'm from Egypt .
You 're from Egypt .
Yeah , so I 'm I 'm quite , uh , So you - - cerned about , uh uh , over there I mean .
People , actually , they are waiting to , uh , to see peace is a fact .
Actually , in both sides , Yeah .
HAIFA , Israel , March 5 ( AFP ) Fifteen people were killed and more than 30 wounded Wednesday as a suicide bomber blew himself up on a student bus in the northern town of Haifa , the first bombing in Israel in exactly two months .
Several hours later , dozens of Israeli tanks advanced into the northern Gaza Strip backed by helicopters which fired at least three rockets in the Jabaliya area , Palestinian security sources said .
Palestinian medical sources said 60-year-old Mohammed al-Biyari was killed in his home near Jabaliya refugee camp by the rocket fire and another wounded .
A second rocket landed in farmlands and the other hit a house inside the refugee camp , but without causing further casualties , Palestinian security sources said .
Two 13-year-old children were among those killed in the Haifa bus bombing , Israeli public radio said , adding that most of the victims were youngsters .
The army said two soldiers were also among the dead .
The bus was ripped to shreds while travelling between a residential area and Haifa university .
Of the 33 injured still in hospital late Wednesday , two were in intensive care and six others in serious condition , the radio said .
Israel 's night-time raid in Gaza involving around 40 tanks and armoured vehicles came after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon convened his security cabinet to discuss a response to the bomb attack .
Israeli media said the retaliation was unlikely to be on a scale that would risk disrupting US preparations for war on Iraq .
The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus came from the southern West Bank town of Hebron , public radio said , naming him as 20-year-old Mahmoud Hamadan Salim Qawasmi .
Apart from his ID card , also found in the wreckage were the remains of a letter allegedly outlining his plan to carry out a suicide attack and praising the September 2001 destruction of the World Trade Centre in New York , it said .
Israeli police were not immediately available for comment , but Palestinian sources in Hebron said Mahmoud Qawasmi was a 21-year-old student with links to the Islamic radical group Hamas .
Israeli forces moved into Hebron 's Al-Sheikh district where his family lived and arrested Qawasmi 's brother and father after the bombing , they said .
Without claiming responsibility , Hamas and another hardline group , Islamic Jihad , said the blast was revenge for a string of bloody Israeli army raids into the Gaza Strip in recent weeks .
But the Palestinian Authority condemned the attack , saying it would divert international sympathy away from the far higher Palestinian civilian death toll .
" We condemn all attacks against civilians including today 's attack in Haifa , " said information minister Yasser Abed Rabbo .
The Palestinian leadership said the attack would serve as " a pretext for Israel 's government and occupation army to step up its deadly campaign which caused the deaths of 77 Palestinians in February " .
It was the first bomb attack inside Israel since January 5 , and came just days after the hawkish Sharon appointed the most right-wing government in Israel 's history on a pledge to get tough on security .
In the January attack , two Palestinian suicide bombers blew themselves up in central Tel Aviv , killing 23 other people .
Israeli government spokesman Avi Pazner called the latest deadly blast a " very grave attack " and said the Jewish state would take " vigorous action against the terrorist organisations " .
He told AFP that Israeli intelligence had been dealing with at least 40 tip-offs of impending attacks when the Haifa bus was blown up .
US President George W. Bush condemned the " attack on innocents in Israel , " White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said , adding that " his message to the terrorists is : Their efforts will not be succcessful .
" He will continue to pursue the path to peace in the Middle East .
" EU foreign policy supremo Javier Solana likewise slammed the attack , although he also took a jab at Israel , saying , " There have been too many civilians killed in the last weeks and the last days .
" In London , a spokesman for the British prime minister said Tony Blair " condemns absolutely what has happened " .
The spokesman added that he " would obviously call on all sides to do what they can to break the cycle of violence , because it is only through engagement that we can realise the vision everyone wants to see .
" There needs to be dialogue in order for this to be resolved .
" The bus attack came just two days after Israeli forces staged a bloody raid into a refugee camp in central Gaza targeting a founding member of Hamas , which has spearheaded suicide bombings against the Jewish state .
Hamas vowed to continue its attacks , while the Palestinian Authority accused Israel of trying to disrupt top-level Palestinian meetings to discuss reforms of Arafat 's administration .
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat said international intervention was needed to break the cycle of violence .
Eight people , including a pregnant woman and a 13-year-old child were killed in Monday 's Gaza raid , provoking US-led international calls for Israeli restraint .
And on Tuesday , Israeli troops shot dead an elderly Palestinian shepherd outside a Jewish settlement on the edge of Gaza City .
In the West Bank , an eight-year-old Palestinian boy as well as his brother and a sister were wounded late Wednesday by Israeli gunfire in a village north of the town of Ramallah , their elder sister said .
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE .
President Bush today renewed his call for a $250,000 cap on pain and suffering damages from the victims of medical malpractice .
Ironically down in North Carolina today was also the day funeral services were held for 17-year-old Jesica Santillan , the brave young woman who got the wrong heart and lungs in a botched transplant operation last month .
Is her family 's pain and suffering only worth $250,000 ? Here to debate medical malpractice reform are consumer advocate Ralph Nader and Dr. Donald Palmisano , the president-elect of the American Medical Association .
Ralph Nader , there are states in crisis that keep adding to the list by the AMA where doctors are going out of business because they ca n't afford the medical malpractice rates .
We 'll just run a scroll of some of the states .
They 're big states .
Florida , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Illinois , Texas .
This is a real crisis that lawyers have perpetrated on America , is n't it ? Another one of your leading questions .
This is a medical malpractice crisis .
Over 80,000 Americans , 220 every day die from medical negligence , hundred of thousands are injured .
And the insurance companies which had relatively steady rates on doctors for about 10 years have found its investment income , its interest income , the stock market collapse down .
And so they 're jacking up the rates on a few key specialties like obstetricians and neurosurgeons .
But if you take the entire amount of premiums , Bob , that 's paid by doctors in this country to malpractice insurers and divide it evenly , they 'd be paying less than $9,000 each .
That 's one-third of what they pay a receptionist .
That runs against the fact that so many of them are just leaving their practice because they ca n't afford it .
You know , Ralph , you and I often agree on some things and one thing I think we agree on is the dirty effect of money and politics .
Can you say that the lawyers , the trial lawyers who appoint millions and millions of dollars into Democratic coffers in order to keep this , do you believe that this is healthy ... Well , as much as they 've poured into those coffers , it 's much less than what the doctors , the malpractice insurers , the hospital chains and the HMOs and the nursing home chains have poured into members of Congress ' coffers .
This is first and foremost , Bob , a question of equity .
Are we going to allow severely injured people who have found a lung taken out that 's the wrong lung or a double mastectomy that was n't indicated that was inflicted on a woman in the Midwest , or that organ transplant that was incompatible on that 17-year-old teenager in North Carolina .
Are we going to say to these and so many others , you ca n't have your full day in court ? The Congress is going to handcuff the judges and juries in the United States at the state court level ? I have n't yet met one senator or representative who 's for this bill who has demonstrated that the jurors in their home state and the judges in their home state are incompetent , unwilling or unable to perform justice in these medical malpractice cases .
And I 've never heard one person say that the insurance executives who make $250,000 a week , every week without any pain and suffering , no one is saying cap those .
Dr. Palmisano , first thank you for being here .
Thank you .
Pleasure to be here .
There was a hear on Capitol Hill today .
And , I want to ask you to respond to one of the witnesses , John McCormick testified today .
He 's the father of a little girl , 13-month-old girl , who he said today died because of medical malpractice .
He said that the hospital ignored abnormal CO2 levels in her blood .
Said that the attending physician had slept through several pages .
She died awaiting surgery .
Listen to what Mr. McCormick said and I 'll ask you to respond .
Mr. President , from father to father , my family 's pain and suffering are not frivolous .
Is n't he right ? Is n't our president wrong to be did he win the Lottery ? You know , Mr. Bush President Bush says these guys have won the litigation Lottery .
Does that look like a Lottery winner to you , holding a picture of his dead baby ? Well , the current medical liability system is affecting patients in that they ca n't get access to care .
The American Medical Association works very hard to make safety a priority in the medical care system .
That 's why we founded the National Patient Safety Foundation .
The current system does n't measure negligence .
It measures disability .
And what we 're finding now is that the emergency rooms are closing , trauma centers are closing , pregnant women ca n't find a doctor to deliver the baby , a boy knocked unconscious has to be transported to another state .
Another witness today told of what happened to her husband because there were no longer neurosurgeons available in the community .
The patient had to be airavacked and by that time it was too late to prevent the brain damage .
Those are important points , I do n't doubt .
Yes .
But I wonder if you can respond to Mr. McCormick 's point .
Who are you , who 's our president to tell him that his suffering is only worth $250,000 for the loss of a child ? Well , what has to be done here is balance .
What we need is a system that 's fair to everyone , a system that keeps the physicians in practice and allows patients to have access to physicians in their hour of need .
And the system in California that 's in the bill , in Congress now , HR-5 , that 's a system that has worked .
It brought stability to California and obstetricians in California will pay 55 , 57 , $60,000 in Los Angeles and in South Florida in Miami , they 'll pay $210,000 ... ( CROSSTALK ) Because in California they have regulated the insurance company premium levels .
And in Florida , they 've been very weak on it .
And in some states , for example , there are doctors that are you know , there are 45 payouts in ten years and they 're not disciplined by the state medical board .
I mean , you 've got 5 percent of the doctors accounting for over 55 percent of the payoffs , Paul .
In other words a small percentage of doctors that are bad , incompetent , indifferent , whatever .
They 're not performing properly and the AMA is not cracking down , is not supporting expansion to state licensing ... I want to respond to that .
The National Practitioner Data Bank is the source of the information and it was brought up today .
First of all , the Government Accounting Office criticized the methodology used .
It lists multiple claims against one physician when actually it 's really one claim , different insurers pay on the same physician and it 's counted as one claim .
It does n't mention whether they are obstetricians , neurosurgeons or emergency medicine .
It does n't list that .
Right now in South Florida , in South Florida , the latest poll shows that every neurosurgeon has been sued .
The average number of suits against a neurosurgeon is five in South Florida .
Now are these bad doctors ? We 'll have no doctors , we 'll have no neurosurgeons , no obstetricians ... We 've got to take a break .
Maybe they are bad doctors .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) Emboldened by the latest weapons inspectors ' report , Iraq on Saturday called on the United Nations to remove crippling sanctions and to ban weapons of mass destruction in the entire Middle East _ and eventually in the United States .
Iraq resumed destroying banned Al Samoud 2 missiles under U.N. supervision Saturday after taking a day off , crushing six more in a process that chief inspector Hans Blix called a `` substantial measure of disarmament .
'' In the past week , Iraq has destroyed 40 of its 100 Al Samoud 2 missiles , prohibited by the United Nations because some tests indicated they could fly farther than 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) .
It also has been destroying equipment used to make them .
Reports to the Security Council on Friday by Blix and chief nuclear inspector Mohammed ElBaradei praised Iraq 's recent compliance .
But inspectors also questioned Iraq 's motivation , as it began to give the inspectors what they wanted only when the threat of war became immediate .
U.S. President George W. Bush said the reports indicated that only a war will make Iraq disarm .
`` Unfortunately , it is clear that Saddam Hussein is still violating the demands of the United Nations by refusing to disarm , '' he told Americans in a radio address Saturday .
Iraq , however , took the report as an endorsement of its work and argued not only that war plans should be canceled , but that sanctions imposed on it by the Security Council for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait should be removed .
`` We demand that the Security Council and the world decide on ... the lifting of sanctions on Iraq in a comprehensive and complete way , '' said a spokesman for a meeting Saturday of Saddam and top-level officials , quoted by official Iraqi news media .
The unidentified spokesman claimed the weapons inspectors had verified Iraq has rid itself of weapons of mass destruction _ something the inspectors said would take months to do _ and appealed for a ban on such weapons to be extended beyond Iraq : to Israel , and eventually to the United States .
The spokesman , reporting on the meeting , said Iraq called on the Security Council `` to rid the Middle East of weapons of mass destruction since Iraq has become free of them .
'' `` At the front of those that must be rid of these weapons is the Zionist entity , '' he said in a reference to Israel , adding that the order should `` move on after this region to America .
'' The newspaper Babil , a popular daily owned by Saddam 's son Odai , also said Saturday that the reports of Blix and ElBaradei were enough to suspend the sanctions , which are to be removed when the United Nations verifies that Iraq has no weapons of mass destruction or the means to make them .
In a front-page editorial , Babil said the reports should push Security Council members `` to think seriously about issuing a resolution lifting the sanctions imposed on Iraq , since it was proven that we do n't possess weapons of mass destruction .
'' Saddam has long claimed Iraq destroyed all its weapons of mass destruction .
The United States and Britain claim he 's lying , and have assembled a quarter-million troops around Iraq for a possible invasion .
Despite Iraq 's demands of the Security Council , diplomats were working hard on very different proposals : a U.S. - led plan for disarmament or war by March 17 , and a rival French plan for an emergency summit of Security Council members to come up with a compromise .
Bush and top advisers planned to lobby allies by telephone through the weekend and up until next week 's planned vote on the ultimatum .
French President Jacques Chirac talked to heads of state in an effort to drum up support for his plan , his office said .
Inspectors ' spokesman Hiro Ueki said Iraqi workers crushed six Al Samoud 2 missiles Saturday at the al-Taji military complex north of Baghdad , under the supervision of weapons inspectors .
Three of the missiles had warheads and three did n't , apparently because they had n't been deployed .
Inspectors also supervised the destruction of tools and `` special equipment used to produce the Al Samoud 2 engine '' at the Al Samoud factory , he said , and another group of inspectors verified the emptying of Al Samoud 2 warheads at the Qa Qa complex just south of Baghdad .
Odai al-Taie , a senior Information Ministry official , said the workers crushing the missiles took Friday off because they had worked on Tuesday , the Muslim new year .
Ueki described Friday as a `` planning day '' for teams working on missile destruction .
Ueki said an Iraqi chemical scientist granted an interview to weapons inspectors , bringing to eight the number of scientists who have given interviews since Feb. 28 , when Iraq began urging them to talk .
Since the same date , four scientists have refused .
Interviews with nuclear scientists have been conducted more frequently because the nuclear inspectors do n't mind the scientists tape recording the interviews , a sticking point for the chemical and biological teams .
Inspectors also returned to a former helicopter airfield where Iraq buried bombs it says were armed with biological weapons in 1991 .
Ueki said inspectors there took samples from the remainders of stainless steel containers Iraq says it used to transport biological agents .
ATHENS , Greece ( AP ) A retired navy officer facing life in prison over a failed effort to protect Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan , told a court Thursday he felt remorse for his part in the 1999 plot .
`` I have a guilty conscience , '' Andonis Naxakis said during his two-hour testimony .
Naxakis is one of 13 people on trial for bringing the fugitive guerrilla leader to Greece .
Ocalan was moved by the government to its embassy compound in Kenya , where he was captured by Turkish commandos .
The retired Greek officer said he had been trying to get Ocalan to The Netherlands , home to a large Kurdish community .
He claimed he had been manipulated by the government .
`` I believe I was unwittingly used as bait for its disgraceful plan ... an organized move by the government to hand Ocalan over to Turkey , '' he said .
Naxakis and two of Ocalan 's Kurdish associates are being tried on criminal charges of endangering national security .
Ocalan , being tried in absentia , was indicted for entering the country illegally , a misdemeanor .
Ocalan , leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , is serving a life sentence in Turkey for leading a 15-year insurgency against the country that left 37,000 people dead .
He is being tried in Greece in absentia .
MOSCOW ( AP ) The lawyer for a Russian military journalist convicted of treason filed an appeal Wednesday in an effort to overturn the guilty verdict against his client , who was released on parole earlier this year , news agencies reported .
Grigory Pasko 's lawyer Genri Reznik filed the appeal with Russian Supreme Court , the Interfax and ITAR-Tass news agencies reported .
He asked the court to invalidate the verdict and throw out the criminal case against Pasko , they said .
Pasko was sentenced to four years in prison in December 2001 for illegally attending a meeting of top military commanders and taking notes there .
A military court said he intended to pass the notes to Japanese media with which he had worked .
Pasko , whose sentence included time served , was released in January for good behavior after serving more than two-thirds of the sentence .
He has maintained his innocence , saying the military was punishing him for exposing environmental abuses by the Russian navy , including the dumping of radioactive waste into the sea .
Reznik said an initial appeal he lodged the day Pasko was freed never reached the presidium of the Supreme Court , according to Interfax .
The lawyer said the court 's military board had refused to launch proceedings on the appeal .
Reznik said he addressed the new appeal directly to Supreme Court Chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev and asked that it not be considered by military judges `` because the military justice system has adopted a biased attitude against Pasko , '' Interfax reported .
( sbg ) Peyton Manning broke Dan Marino 's season touchdown record today with 49 against the San Diego Chargers in a thrilling game that ended in overtime .
I was happy to see Manning break the record , as last week he decided to take a knee to end the game against the Baltimore Ravens when he could have tried to increase the lead even more by throwing a touchdown .
Manning is all class and ranks with the best quarterbacks of all time .
Marino 's 48 TD record was set in 1984 .
On a much sadder note , the Minister of Defense , Reggie White , died of heart attack this morning in his home at the age of 43 .
White played a total of 15 years with Philadelphia , Green Bay and Carolina .
He retired after the 2000 season as the NFL 's all-time leader in sacks with 198 .
The mark has since been passed by Bruce Smith .
White will surely be missed .
It was in northern Iraq today that an eight artillery round hit the site occupied by Kurdish fighters near Chamchamal .
It happened near an area abandoned earlier by Iraqi forces .
CNN 's Kevin Sites is in northern Iraq .
This is the road to Kirkuk .
A day ago it was controlled by Iraqi troops and packed with these land mines but now we can drive far enough to see the outskirts of Kirkuk .
That 's because coalition fighter jets pummeled this Iraqi position on the hills above Chamchamal and Iraqi troops made a hasty retreat .
This is what the hilltop looks like now , craters 15 feet deep , busted bunkers and twisted metal , scattered ammunitions and tattered clothing , a helmet , a tube of toothpaste .
Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took their place .
I 'm glad to see them go this one says .
They killed a lot of our people in Chamchamal but I feel bad for them too .
Some of them were only conscripts .
Some Kurds took advantage of the Iraqi retreat right away .
This one took a bulldozer to a concrete portrait of Saddam Hussein .
It took about 20 minutes but finally it came toppling down .
He says after finishing the job he hopes Saddam Hussein himself will fall too but despite the exuberance of Kurds in the area , it 's clear it 's much too early to celebrate .
Although the Iraqis retreated from this area , at dusk they fired what observers say were seven artillery rounds back at their former stronghold creating new fear and potentially new casualties .
Kevin Sites , CNN Chamchamal northern Iraq .
All right and when we return , waiting here on the home front , a very special reunion between a Marine and his wife .
There is no greater gap probably than that between the troops overseas and their loved ones here at home .
CNN helped bridge that cassum ( ph ) at least temporarily between Sergeant Craig Martin of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit and his wife Kaycee Martin in California .
They talked by videophone this morning .
You 're eight months pregnant I believe .
How has this been for you ? It 's been difficult .
It 's hard without him .
I 'm doing OK but it would be much better if he was home with me .
If I could just ask , I mean and you know I do n't want to pry so anytime I ask something you do n't want to say just tell me to shut up but what is it like for you watching all this coverage ? I mean watching , you know , the access .
The pictures were seeing are really historic in what we are able to see .
Is it more does it make it more difficult ? Does it make it easier ? It 's very difficult .
It 's hard .
The whole time though you 're just sitting there trying to catch a glimpse just to see if maybe one of the people on TV is him but you know he tells me do n't watch , do n't watch .
You know , it 's going to be difficult but like I said , it 's just too hard .
I want to be able to see just to make sure that he 's OK , just catch a glimpse of him .
How does he look to you right now ? He looks all right , but dirty .
I lost my tooth .
Beautiful .
Thanks .
Thanks for showing me .
How 'd you how 'd you lose your tooth ? Sorry .
Can I ask ? How did you lose your tooth ? When we came across the bridge , the enemy launched some 155 artillery rounds at us .
It came pretty close and the concussion knocked my tooth out .
Great .
Yes .
It does n't sound like you 're being too careful .
It was fun though .
We 're all right .
Sergeant Martin I do n't know if you see , your wife 's sort of shaking her head .
Careful as I can be .
It 's all good .
Sergeant Martin , is there anything else ... I love you .
Is there anything else you would like to say either to your wife or to all the people who are watching this ? I know this awkward , you know , doing this on TV and I hate to put you in this position but feel free .
Yeah .
I 've got a couple of things real quick .
To my old man , this is not a distraction .
To my wife , we 'll be home soon and I love you .
That 's all I 've got to say .
Well that says a lot .
Kaycee , anything else you want to say ? I love you very much .
I miss you very much .
Everyone is praying for you and I just want you to come home safe and soon so you could see our new baby .
One more thing , you look really beautiful right now .
Thanks .
I 'd like to say the same to you .
That 's stylish .
Do n't worry .
We 'll take it home .
Well , just come home soon .
Without a doubt .
-- Well , just come home soon .
I 'll try baby .
A little embarrassing for us to watch .
It 's got to be difficult talking to your loved one in front of thousands and thousands of people on television , millions .
Well , in addition to the baby on the way , the Martins also have a three-year-old daughter .
And that is it for this hour .
I 'm Judy Woodruff in Washington .
Wolf Blitzer 's report starts right now .
One of the toughest jobs in Iraq right now is that of the military doctor .
CNN medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , has been traveling with the Devil Docs throughout the war and now they are close to Baghdad .
Each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story .
Some we 'll never know .
For others , the stories can be seen in their injuries .
Nobody knows these stories better than the Devil Docs , Naval corpsmen who never look the other way , but rather face what needs to be done without flinching .
They are often the first faces the injured see , be they Iraqi or coalition force members .
Even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets , the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here .
The work of the Devil Docs is by no means over .
The Navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room , just on the outskirts of Baghdad .
This is the closest front line surgical company .
Corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent .
It is there the doctors begin their work .
Over 45 minutes as we watched , 32 patients were delivered here , evaluated and nine operations started ; 29 of those delivered , Marines involved in a firefight in the center of Baghdad .
Their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket-propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons .
The operations are on their hands , abdomen and face .
Two of the Marines , too far gone .
For many of the survivors , that news is the most difficult to handle .
Along with the medical care , hands are held , spirits are lifted .
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN with the Devil Docs outside Baghdad .
MOSCOW ( AP ) Russia has accepted a US $ 150 million World Bank loan to combat the spread of AIDS and tuberculosis , ending a negotiating process that lasted four years , World Bank officials said Friday .
The World Bank first offered the loan in 1999 , but disagreements over treatment kept the project on hold .
Russia objected to World Bank rules that required monitoring of patients receiving medication , the World Bank said .
But after drawn-out talks , President Vladimir Putin signed off on the loan , which will take effect this year , the World Bank said .
`` Russia has one of the fastest growing AIDS epidemics in the world '' and has a `` fearsome '' problem with tuberculosis , particularly drug-resistant strains , said Olesoji Adeyi , a World Bank health specialist .
`` It 's a potential dual epidemic , '' he said , adding that people with immune systems weakened by the AIDS virus are especially vulnerable to contracting TB , which he called an `` opportunistic disease .
'' AIDS came relatively late to Russia , but spread rapidly , primarily due to intravenous drug abuse and a lack of prevention programs .
Officials have registered more than 230,000 cases of HIV , though health experts say the actual number of HIV infections tops 1 million .
Tuberculosis , meanwhile , has also emerged as a serious problem , particularly in Russia 's overcrowded prisons .
The situation here appears to be increasingly tense .
A few moments ago , out on the horizon , not very far ahead of the U.S. Army 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry , we heard more than a few explosions .
The U.S. Army 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry has compiled a rather extraordinary record in the past several days .
It was the first unit to cross the Euphrates River and then punch northward to within 60 miles of Baghdad .
It was the Army which assigned me to the 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry , and that was extremely fortuitous .
It was like sitting in a poker game and drawing four aces , because this is a crack unit .
It 's the tip of the tip of the spear .
We 've had an absolutely terrific story , pushing forward north toward Baghdad .
Seventy-two hours of that was under constant fire coming at us from both sides of the road .
We just heard an incoming what the hell ! No , no , I do n't know what it is .
Recall Winston Churchill 's old quote , " There 's nothing so exhilarating as being shot at and missed .
" What you try to do is stay calm and continue your broadcasting .
The worst thing you can do , either as a soldier or as a war correspondent is panic .
We 're hearing incoming .
We 're not sure what it is .
We see some stuff in the sky .
We may have to break this off .
I think we 're going to break off this live shot for the time being .
We 're not sure what we see up there .
Goodbye .
We 've got to dive for vehicles , we think .
See you .
Bye .
We have under heavy fire for the past couple of miles .
Mostly small arms fire , but the sand storm has enabled the Iraqis to come very close to the road , and if I sound a little nervous , it 's because we 're in the soft skin vehicle and everybody else is in armor .
We 'd like to now show you what we call Old Betsy ( ph ) , a re-used , secondhand U.S. Army Humvee that we 've been traveling with .
Any bullet will pass through it , even a .22 caliber bullet .
You can see our body armor draped on the door .
This is what we 've literally been living in .
This is the kitchen , when we 're down , and we 're very fortunate , because we 've got a teapot .
That 's my cubby hole .
It 's extraordinary cramped , because ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) sandbag the floor , in case we hit a mine .
That 's all the space I have to eat and sleep in .
You do n't sleep .
You really do n't sleep out here .
Of course , you 're on an adrenaline high , but racing across the desert , you know that you 're traveling toward the jaws of what could be a major military battle .
You have to realize , they 've been riding along , bouncing along in these tanks for probably six or more hours now .
And if you ride inside that tank , it is like riding in the bowels of a dragon .
They roar , they screech .
The hardest part of the trip is personal discomfort .
We cannot tell you the levels of personal discomfort we 've experienced .
The extraordinary sandstorms , the bitter cold nights .
The most uncomfortable thing is having to sleep sitting up in a Humvee with sandbags under your feet , your knees at your chin .
That 's excruciatingly uncomfortable , not something that you would wish on anybody but a contortionist .
Let me give you an example of what the dust like .
Look at this .
We have been through days of dust like that .
The U.S. Army 's 7th Cavalry has just taken three Iraqi prisoners of war .
Actually , they 're very close , that is to say , no more than 40 yards away , but the dust and sand are blowing so badly you 're getting these vague images .
It 's like being in a blizzard , except unfortunately , the sand does n't melt as the snow does .
What we eat is what the Army calls MREs , meals ready to eat .
And I must say , they 're pretty darn good .
And of course , everybody fights for the best ones .
The treats are things like the M & amp ; Ms and the breakfast toasties .
The Army is eating much , much better than the grandfathers of these soldiers did and the great grandfathers of these soldiers in the Second World War .
Let me hold the camera and show you my crew .
On camera left is Charlie Miller ( ph ) , he 's been our superb and intrepid cameraman .
On my right is Jeff Barweis ( ph ) , a brilliant satellite engineer .
That 's the crew which really brings you these pictures .
The pictures you 're seeing are absolutely phenomenal .
These are live pictures of the 7th Cavalry racing across the desert .
You 've never seen battlefield pictures like these before .
What you 're watching here is truly historic television and journalism .
Walter Rodgers with the 3-7th .
Just ahead we 'll have the latest on today 's suicide bombing in Israel .
A report from CNN 's Kelly Wallace when we return .
* * The " USS Abraham Lincoln .
" It 's a guided missile destroyer .
They fired off 50 Tomahawk missiles during " Operation Iraqi Freedom .
" You talk about the capability of this ship .
The other mission that it took part in was the operations before t fall of the Saddam Hussein and his regime .
They were out there taking down illegal smugglers and going out and boarding the ships .
Now , also , this ship played an important part within the war and that 's because of the radar system .
It could detect objects smaller than a honey bee .
What does that mean ? It can detect enemy radar or missiles and destroy them instantly .
They were a big part in " Operation Iraqi Freedom .
" You are seeing the pictures , everybody is home .
Friends and family connecting .
Have n't seen each other in almost 10 months now .
14 fathers have not seen their babies .
They all reunited with their families .
We got to meet up with one such family .
We 'll show you pictures of the GALETTA family .
Katie was born on Christmas Day , Anderson .
This is the first time her father got to hold her and look in her eyes since he came back from " Operation Iraqi Freedom." 130 sailors really excited to be home back on land after being at sea for nearly 10 months carrying out " Operation Iraqi Freedom .
" Some remarkable stories .
We 're looking at now , a sailor seeing his baby for the first time , just remarkable .
Kyra Phillips , we appreciate you bringing it to us today .
MACAO , April 16 ( Xinhua ) Four Macao residents have been notified by the Health Services that they shared the same plane with a Taiwanese suspected to have contracted Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) on April 8 .
The Health Services urged the four residents to contact the authority immediately to report their health condition .
According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) guidelines for suspected cases , these four residents need not to be isolated , however , they should seek treatment immediately if they have any SARS symptoms .
In order to improve the epidemic control , Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture Chui Sai On , who has been named director of the SARS task force by the government , has designated representatives from the Health Services and the Center for Disease Prevention and Control to visit neighboring Guangdong Province on Thursday , to learn from Guangdong 's experience and know-how in combating SARS , which have been acknowledged by WHO .
No suspected SARS case had been found at medical consultation counters at Macao 's three ports of entry as of Wednesday .
In case that any SARS infection is confirmed , the task force will quickly take round-the-clock command and make news release every six hours , Chui said .
BAGHDAD , March 24 ( Xinhua ) Five Iraqi civilians , including a woman , were killed Monday when their houses were hit by a missile fired by the US-led coalition warplanes , witnesses said .
Their houses are located in Al-Azamiyah , one of the most populous areas in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad , they said .
One house was destroyed during the strike and casualties have been removed from the area .
The US-led coalition forces launched a new round of airstrikes on Baghdad at 2:30 p.m .
( 1130GMT ) on Monday .
Huge explosions were heard in different parts of Baghdad and air raid siren sounded throughout the capital city , they said , adding that Iraqi anti-aircraft artillery had begun to fire back .
Although the coalition leaders have repeatedly assured that every effort would be made to minimize civilian casualties in the current Iraq war , at least 130 Iraqi civilians have been reportedly killed since the war started five days ago .
According to other reports reaching here , five Syrian bus passengers were killed and 10 others were injured on Sunday morning when a US missile hit the bus they were traveling in near the Iraqi border .
The vehicle was carrying Syrians fleeing the war in Iraq .
My uncle declared bankruptcy in 2003 and his case closed in June 2004 .
If I give him shares in my corporation in Feb 2004 of my S Corporation making him 30 % shareholder , and I finally distributed profit this year , will the creditors attempt to that take money from him in 2005 ? On 2/17/05 10:50 PM , in article 1108705852.360452.268 ... @ f14g2 000cwb.googlegroups.com , Probably not .
But if he was required to list the shares in bankruptcy filings , and did n't , the answer may be different .
I think , though , that any transaction after the bankruptcy filing date is part of his new life .
Tom Healy , CPA Boulder , CO Web : Was the trustee informed of the transfer of the shares ? Since you gave your uncle the shares prior to his discharge , the shares should have become assets available to the bankruptcy estate for the satisfaction of debts .
If the share transfer was reported to the trustee and the trustee did nothing about them , then you may be ok ; however , if you failed to inform the trustee , then your uncle may be liable for hiding assets , which would , at the minimum , invalidate his discharge .
Even if the transfer does n't invalidate the whole discharge , the distribution might be subject to forfeiture to pay creditors ' claims if you failed to inform the trustee of the share transfer .
You need to speak to a bankruptcy attorney pronto ; this is a bankruptcy matter , not a tax matter .
the bankrupcy filing took place in 2003 , but it didnt clear until early 2004 and that was when i gave him the shares .
He had no shares in 2003 .
Yes , but according to the facts you first gave , he had not yet received the bankruptcy discharge when you gave him the shares .
I believe you had said that you gave him the shares in February 2004 but that the discharge did n't come until June of 2004 .
That means that he received the shares while he was still in bankruptcy , which means that the shares were potentially assets that the trustee could use to pay off creditors .
A bankruptcy case does n't close until you get the discharge order , and until then everything that the debtor receives is fair game for the trustee .
If the trustee was informed of the shares and did nothing about it , you are more likely than not ok , but if the trustee was n't informed of the fact directly , then you may be in trouble .
If , however , your uncle received the shares after he obtained an order of discharge from the bankruptcy court , then as a general matter the creditors cannot go after the shares , unless they can prove that there was collusion between you and your uncle to hide his assets from them ( e.g. , by putting his assets in the corporation 's name and then waiting until after the bankruptcy to transfer the shares to him ) .
KUALA LUMPUR , May 8 ( AFP ) Malaysia 's prison department has agreed to allow jailed politician Anwar Ibrahim to attend his daughter 's wedding ceremony Friday after his bail hearing , his lawyer said Thursday .
Anwar will be taken to the appeal court early Friday for a bail application pending his appeal to the country 's highest Federal Court againt his sodomy conviction , counsel Sankara Nair said .
Prison authorities have given the nod for Anwar to be taken home later in the afternoon to marry his eldest daughter , Nurul Izzah , to engineer Raja Ahmad Sharir Iskandar in a traditional Malay ceremony , he said .
But this is also conditional on police approval .
" They have to get the green light from police .
We have given an assurance that there will not be a huge crowd at the house as the guests will only comprise of family members , " he added .
The former deputy premier , sacked by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad in 1998 , was sentenced to a total 15 years in jail after being convicted of corruption and sodomy .
He completed four years in prison on a corruption charge last month and is now serving a nine-year sodomy sentence .
He lost an appeal case on his sodomy sentence on April 18 .
Another appeal is now pending in the Federal Court .
Anwar , 56 , says he was framed to prevent him from becoming a political threat to Mahathir , an allegation the government denies .
Dog Chapman was in the same truck you saw .
At one point , the Mexican police busted both Andrew Luster and Dwayne Dog Chapman , because they do n't like bounty hunters in Mexico .
Chapman remains behind bars as we speak in Mexico .
Andrew Luster , though arrived yesterday at Los Angeles International Airport on a commercial flight from Mexico .
As soon as he arrived thoom being walked by the FBI to a van belonging to the Ventura County Sheriff 's folks .
He was taken to a prison in Kearn County , California , about 100 miles from Los Angeles , a place mostly known for its grapes .
Make of that what you May .
Heidi ? Hello , everybody .
Welcome to CROSSFIRE .
On this Ash Wednesday , the pope asks Catholics to fast for peace and he asks President Bush to work for peace , while the White House sends out Colin Powell to make yet another case for war .
We will debate all of that as well as " Vanity Fair "'s latest , stunning revelations about Michael Jackson .
Believe it or not , we got new news on Michael Jackson .
Do you think he really looks like a mummy ? Certainly not a daddy .
But first , our own little moonwalk across the political landscape , the " CROSSFIRE Political Alert .
" The foreign ministers of France , Germany and Russia today issued a joint declaration that they will not allow a second American-backed resolution to pass the United Nations Security Council .
President Bush wants the Security Council to explicitly authorize force against Iraq , and his press secretary today remained optimistic that in the end , that 's just what he 'll get .
President Bush is said to be focusing on one fence-sitting Security Council member , the African nation of Guinea , because he said quote " I used to have one of their pigs .
" So OK , I made that up .
He did n't say that .
Well , I suspected that .
You know ... But they are a swing vote .
Guinea is an important swing vote .
As is Cameroon .
France and Germany are pointing to inspection and saying , Look , they 're working .
We do n't need war .
They 're not pointing out that inspections are working only because there 's the credible threat of war .
Saddam would n't be destroying missiles unless he thought he was going to be destroyed if he did n't .
I think that 's a good point .
It does n't mean we have to go to war .
But I think President Bush should get credit for pushing to instructions and backing them up with the threat of force .
It means when you take the threat of force of the table , you 're likely to stop disarming Saddam Hussein .
Yes , I 'm not saying take the threat of force .
I 'm saying we do n't need to use force right now .
Well , France and Germany would like to .
Secretary of State Colin Powell today responded to Saddam Hussein 's latest attempts to fool the world .
Powell called Iraqi steps toward disarmament quote " too little , too late " gestures , meant to split international resolve to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction .
U.S. intelligence said Powell indicates Iraq has hidden equipment to produce al-Samoud 2 missiles , even as it destroys existing ones , missiles that until recently , it claimed not to have .
Powell also revealed that Iraq is hiding chemical and biological weapons in poor neighborhoods around Baghdad .
In order to secure peace , Powell concluded , the international community must confront Saddam Hussein 's refusal to disarm quote " here and now .
" So , there you have it .
The essence of the American case for war against Saddam Hussein .
The only question left : who do you believe ? Secretary of State Colin Powell or France ? No , the question is ... That is the question .
Who do you believe : the Bush administration or your lying eyes ? We are watching them destroy weapons , as the president says , Oh , that 's just a hoax .
But Paul ... They are disarming .
No , no , no that 's not what the president 's saying .
He 's saying , the it 's a hoax to the extent that those are only a small number of the weapons there .
Keep in mind , these are weapons that Saddam Hussein , until recently , said he did n't even have .
He 's a liar .
Of course .
And to trust Saddam Hussein in effort to disarm him foolish task , do n't you think ? Absolutely .
Nobody trusts Saddam Hussein .
The question is , Is he a sufficient threat to America today to risk the lives of our young men and women .
That 's a separate question .
That 's a very separate question .
I think he 's not .
I think the inspections can work .
That 's a different argument .
We can take it up later .
11 .
Holiday Traditions : The holiday season is right around the corner .
Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays ? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members ? Are there people you see during the holidays that you do n't see during the rest of the year ? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays ? Where do you go and who do you visit ? Hello , my name 's Ryan .
Ryan , Mhm .
my name is Deirdre .
Hi , Deirdre .
So , what do you do for the holidays ? Do you celebrate the holidays ? Is it religious for you , or just the holiday season ? It 's religious for us .
Um , Christmas , not Hanukkah or anything like that .
Uh-huh , so yo you have a church service ? Um , actually , usually we 're out of town so we do n't attend our church .
So you go with , um , family , friends ? Family , yeah .
Family ? It 's almost always my grandma .
Your gran you go to your grandma 's house .
Mhm .
Yeah , that 's what we do .
Every year , uh , but I do n't always attend .
Uh , my family celebrates the sun shining .
They 're always together .
So , uh , it 's not particularly special at Christmas because they see each other every other weekend .
But , still , uh , they go to , uh , grandmother 's every Christmas .
A particular person 's house every holiday season .
You know , whether it 's Christmas or Thanksgiving or Mother 's Day or Easter , it just alternates it you know , each uh , a particular person 's house is is how they do it .
Oh .
I just do n't always attend .
Just I do n't know , it 's there 's just so much of my family I can take during one year , you know , but - Well , um , since they see each other so much , is there anything that does make it special ? Well , I guess they seem to think it 's just special because everyone comes .
I I it 's it 's just , I do n't know , old .
Y you know , it 's it 's not it 's not special to me because they do it all the time .
You know , special would make it , I only see you once a year .
It 's just not it 's just not special if I see you every other month .
Yeah .
You know , it 's just not .
I mean , you know , not like , you 're seeing your mother or your sister , maybe your brothers , you know , you you might you may see them all the time , but when you see your aunts and uncles and all your cousins all the time , where 's the break here ? But , you know , they like I do n't particularly care for it , but they like it .
I did attend Thanksgiving and Huh .
that was nice .
Um , uh , it was it was a good day .
Uh , but , you know , we we spend all day together .
It 's not like you just go and eat dinner a couple of hours and go home .
You go and you stay twelve hours because most of my relatives live within thirty minutes of each other , (( Ye - )) so it 's easy .
Oh , wow .
Yeah .
It 's easy just to go to someone 's house .
Well , sounds a lot like my mom 's side of the family because they 're all in one city except for And - except for her and , uh , us .
Well , would you rather be with everyone else or do you like it away .
I think I would rather be , but then again I talk to my cousin and I 'm always asking her how my other cousins are doing and she hardly knows because she has hardly sees them every day .
Oh .
So I do n't think it 'd make a big difference .
For you , yeah , well .
I do n't (( see them or - )) you know , by choice and , you know , relatives are particular people , you know , but not particular , peculiar people , let 's put it that way .
It 's just funny to me who you end up with , you know , Yeah .
as your relative , you know .
You think , eh , you are my rela you got to be kidding me .
Wh what happened here but , uh , it 's fun , uh .
Now , I 'm not so big on Christi I mean , I was I was raised Christian , uh , but , uh , and I did n't put too much , you know , in my house with my kids but my daught - , she 's just you know , she get 's into it .
She 's really sentimental .
She 's gets into the holiday spirit and wants every light , you know , in the city on our house and , you know , tree in her room , that kind of thing .
Yeah .
You know , I I indulge her , you know .
But I do n't really get too much into it .
You know , the all the , um , trimmings , I suppose , of the holiday season .
Uh , but I like , you know , gift giving and just , uh , sharing things and just having fun .
Just , uh , just do n't over do it .
But I would prefer , though , um , a service , a spiritual service to uh , family 's just always together , they 're always together .
Now if there was a spiritual service then , yeah , see that would be really special to me .
If everybody now wh eh , eh , now years ago , and of course I 'm not giving away my age but trust me , I 'm older , Yeah .
eh , I used to , um , celebrate it with my grandmother and we 'd always have a midnight service at church .
Now , I enjoyed that .
Gosh that was so many years a - Wow , a midnight service , like , um , Christmas Eve ? Yeah .
Yeah .
Wow .
President Bush is pushing Congress to pass his $15 billion worldwide program for fighting AIDS .
At a White House gathering of AIDS activists and lawmakers from around the world , the president said Hir plan could prevent 7 million new HIV infections and treat at least 2 million people over the next decade .
3 .
Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office , and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign .
Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term ? Who are they , and why do you think they should be appointed ? If you were president , which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why ? What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them ? Hello .
Hello .
Nah My name 's Ron .
I 'm in Kentucky .
Oh hi Ron .
I 'm uh Sherri and I live in Indiana .
Oh , we 're quite close .
Yeah , not too g we 're neighbors .
Yeah , I know .
That 's sort of unusual in these calls , in my experience so far .
Yeah , me too .
Let 's see , my first call I got was from Russia .
No , really ? Yeah .
Oh , I have n't has any outside of the ~ US .
Eh uh I just that was just that one , my very first one was from Russia .
I 'll be darned .
Some gal .
Ooh , I would love From Moscow .
Oh , I would love to get .
And it was Moscow , R the Russia , not Moscow , Indiana ? Oh , definitely , it was it was Moscow , Russia , with a real Russian accent , yeah .
I mean ah Iowa , I mean .
Oh my goodness .
Yeah I I did n't know it was international .
I thought it was just you know the United States .
Yeah me too .
Well , jeez , that 'll be something to look forward to .
I I 'd love to get someone from outside the ~ US .
Mm .
Yeah .
So uh what do you think about the uh topic of discussion this evening ? I 've been sort of surprised .
Eh uh I I heard uh that Colin Powell wanted um to resign last year and they talked him out of it .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
Or something like that and uh so I was still surprised this year when Oh thi you were surprised that he yo that he decided to step down .
yeah I I I still was uh kind of surprised .
Oh , huh , how interesting .
eh And uh and then uh with Condoleezza Rice .
They 're appointing her ta to a new position , and I was surprised about Ashcroft .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
I was n't like it and then Tom Ridge yesterday .
Yeah , I saw that .
Yeah , I I uh that one I think one probably was the one that most surprised me .
I had n't I had n't really thought about it .
I Colin Powell did n't surprise me .
Ashcroft surprised me a little bit um but um I sort of started to think he might step down because evidently he was being he was considered somewhat of a lightning rod for um you know some of his more controversial stands and stuff so .
Uh-huh .
But and and so have you been following the uh the proposed nominees ? I mean do you think Kellogg , the Kellogg guy .
Oh yeah , that 's right .
Where 's he going to Commerce ? Is that where he 's headed ? Yeah , that 's it , huh ? Yeah , I do n't know anything about him .
I I do n't know .
Do you know anything about him ? Mm .
Well , all I know is that that 's like a real prestigious uh position , you know to be the what the ~ CEO of Kellogg ? Yeah , yeah .
I guess it sort of concerns me that uh you know we 're looking at yet uh another corporate head coming into the government .
I Mm .
Ye ye you know , this is like a uh it 's a re I think we have a real problem .
That is uh you know almost like a big beast you know that 's right there and we do n't even identify it Uh-huh .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
way way way more than we realize .
Yeah , I I think you 're probably right and I think it maybe even particularly true under this President , although I do n't think it 's just limited to him .
I think it 's a common problem in the ~ US .
I f I uh I think i i it 's uh more evident now than ever .
Uh-huh , uh-huh You know , really um tremen tremendously a ruling and reigning .
Did you um I think it it 's a global uh has a global effect .
Yeah .
I think that 's why Al-Qaeda took down the the uh twin towers .
Eh w they were making a a statement .
Uh I think something like that possibly , that it had to do with corporate America .
Uh-huh , you mean about the corporate thing ? Hm ? Uh you mean because of its what it represented around corporate America or something ? Is that what you think .
I think what corporate America represents you know the the financial scheme of it all , the Uh-huh , uh-huh .
the it just how it eff effects the globe , Mhm .
and how eh it effects third world countries and you know just the whole thing .
It 's just Mhm , mhm .
Uh-huh .
it 's a you know like a a a wealthy despotism or something like that .
So any thoughts on who you uh you would name ? (( )) You know who I would name ? I know this is really wild .
Do you suppose ? Uh-huh .
But uh I do n't know you 'll probably really laugh but I do n't know , I I I always thought that Ralph Nader was kind of a a character Oh .
Uh-huh .
but what I really I mean I really listened to what he said when he was being interviewed Mhm .
and in just a few words , he did n't mince any meat or anything , in a few words he said so much that was so Uh-huh .
like like a clarion call it rang so clear .
You could hear what he was saying and it was really making sense , and I think he 's an expert So who would y what would you appoint him to ? on Any particular position ? I mean , I think that 's a good idea .
eh there 's something to do with the economy y you know for the with the to deal with the Yeah .
just uh like a an equa e economic equilibrium or something .
He might be be good at yeah , he might be good at commerce instead of that Kellogg 's guy .
Question ? Hi .
I 'm Christa Demore ( ph ) from Monrovia , Maryland .
And I 'm curious , how can Democrats claim that President Bush is ignoring the war on terror if al Qaeda 's second key operative was just caught ? And it also proves you can even chew gum and walk at the same time .
Does n't it show that ? He cannot eat a pretzel and watch a football became at the same time .
So I 'm still doubtful of no , here 's why .
This is a serious point and you deserve a serious answer .
The way we caught that guy was by coordinating with our allies .
We now have a foreign policy in Iraq that is putting enormous strain on those allies .
The same weekend they arrested the guy , we had ... We had no part in it .
No , it was a joint effort by Pakistan .
Why do we want to sever that relationship with this idiotic war in Iraq ? We 're not severing it question .
Hi .
I 'm Ben Charlton ( ph ) from East Lansing , Michigan .
I was if we wait for U.N. approval for action in Iraq , do n't we sacrifice some of our national sovereignty ? Well , where are all of the conservative questions ? We never have conservatives in the audience .
There 's no question .
I think even Paul would agree with me .
The question of whether we go to war or not is strictly a national question .
It 's not a United Nations question .
That is correct .
The president has got all of the legal authorities he needs .
I just pray to god he does n't use it .
We need to go to the U.N. because we want to build coalitions so we have support around the world and so that we do n't have to carry the burden ourselves .
But legally he has no obligation to go back to the U.N. From the left I am Paul Begala .
Goodnight for CROSSFIRE .
From the right , I 'm Robert Novak .
Join us next time for another edition of CROSSFIRE .
3 .
Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office , and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign .
Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term ? Who are they , and why do you think they should be appointed ? If you were president , which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why ? What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them ? I I 'm sorry to see Colin Powell leave , leaving .
I think he 's probably one of the most diplomatic um , men that I 've seen in politics .
So do I .
He he 's very honest , he 's very strong in his beliefs , and I 'm sorry to see him go .
I 'm also sorry to see Tom Ridge resigning .
Um I am too , and you know what , I do n't where , do you know anything about his background ? I do n't know where he came from .
he 's the Governor of , he was the Governor of Pennsylvania .
Oh , that 's right .
Okay .
And um after uh Now I remember .
he before nine eleven , he was he was on an advisory committal committee to the Gover to the President I guess , besides him running uh Pennsylvania , and then after nine eleven they appointed him you know , head of Homeland Security , and then created the Uh-huh .
uh Secretary 's position for him , or for someone , but him being the person at that time .
I just think that Yeah .
Yeah .
it 's so soon since nine eleven , and he has been creating his own job , i in essence , because it 's such a new position .
But , I think it 's it would 've been better to have one person like continuing that .
However , I do too .
I I do too .
I hate to I hate to change change horses there so quickly .
yeah .
Uh I I I 'd that that job uh uh needs continuity for a while .
Anyhow .
You know , I m I mean , at least until they get Yeah .
settled on what the job really is .
Yeah , well uh maybe maybe on one hand somebody new will bring a new perspective to it , which would be helpful , but I still think that Uh yeah the people that are up for it there 's some p - Yeah , but if it 's if the perspective is too new , you know , that 's not going to be a good thing , because uh wholesale changes is not what they need to do .
yeah .
Yeah .
Uh uh no matter who takes it over .
They need to they need to think long and hard before they start making changes .
Because if they make one wrong one , you know , it But there are there are a couple women up for the position as well as um you know , a few men that are up for the position .
And I do n't know anything about the women that are up for the position .
Um one two of the men are from New York , one is a Head of the the who was there at nine eleven .
He was the Chief of Police .
Or the Commissioner of of police I guess .
Uh who was with Giuliani throughout the whole thing .
Uh-huh .
Um they 're also thinking about Giuliani , so I mean , I think they have some qualified candidates .
Yeah .
However , I think with it 's Homeland Security , which means it ca n't just be New York , which is where of course , their focus is going to be .
Sure .
Having you know , been there , and through that .
So , as long as they do n't have blinders on , you know , I would be okay with that , but they 've got to look , obviously at ports nuclear power plants , you know , and oth other areas where we are vulnerable .
Yeah .
Yeah , and you know what 's really scary to me ? I I do n't I 've never seen it mentioned , I 've never but but if they really wanted to to I do n't know uh uh uh if they if they really wanted to put fear in the American people , uh I know it would work with me , is if they say just uh if if I say they , Bin Laden , or who whoever uh uh is running that team now , uh were to were to just pick a small Mid American town , Mhm .
uh and just wipe it out , Yeah , no , and I I thi I think that 's a great fear .
you know , and there are a lot of ways there are a lot of ways to do that .
I mean , I mean , it would n't take a nuclear weapon .
No , no .
uh uh and it it could be done so easily because i i most small towns are protected by a small town police force .
Mhm .
You know ? And that 's it .
Well , I think that there 's really been a strengthening , and I hope they can get it together without this .
Part of the problem with that is the ~ CIA and the ~ FBI and who 's going to be in charge because they want to create this new position .
(( I )) No , they 've always And , so nobody wants to give up power Yeah .
and , you know , you in this case , and and going forward , we have to put the good of the country and the good of the world .
at least ten people have been injured and at least five homes have burned in Benton harbor since the rioting began .
Police are still looking for the arsonists .
But city officials say several people have been arrested on civil disobedience charges .
One person was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon .
Howdy PR , We are going to be having a sock painting party at my house instead of the normal meeting at St. Mary 's .
It is going to be Wednesday from 5 till 10 .
Come and go as you need to .
We need lots and lots of help because there are tons of socks to do .
We have already made one pair and they look awesome ! Everyone from the campaign in invited ! If you can please bring ... junky clothes ( wear shorts ) , scissors , blowdryers , duck tape and plastic bags .
The directions to my house are ... Start on Texas Ave. and head away from Bryan Go down Texas Ave. until you come to South West Parkway Take right on SW Parkway Go down SW Parkway until you come to Welsh ( stoplight ) Take right on Welsh The apartment complex is called Renaissance Park and is on the immediate left Go into second entrance of the complex on left ( mailbox should be on right side ) Park anywhere I am in building 24 apartment # 241 We will possibly be out back around pool if no one answers door MOSCOW , April 13 ( AFP ) Russian President Vladimir Putin 's summit with the leaders of Germany and France may have been a failure that proves there can be no long-term " peace camp " alliance following the end of war in Iraq , government sources were quoted as saying at the weekend .
" Senior government officials , speaking in the corridors of power in Moscow , have no illusions about any long-term perspectives for the ( Russian-German-French ) axis , " the respected Izvestia daily reported .
" Sooner or later Iraq will fall and Russia and the United Sates will resume normal relations , " the senior Moscow official , who was reported to be close to Putin , told the paper .
" The situation in Iraq does not mean that we intend to get into an argument with the United States .
" The comments indicate that Russia 's nuanced position over the war in Iraq was becoming ever more scrambled , with Putin pushing to protect his budding friendship with US President George W. Bush in the face of strident opposition from the Russian media and other top Kremlin officials .
Analysts have long argued that Putin is far keener to preserve friendly relations with the United States than the pro-European , anti-war camps embedded in much of the Russian media and the foreign and defense ministries .
Russia 's foreign minister expressed outrage at suggestions from a top Washington official last week that Moscow should forgive the eight billion dollars in Soviet-era debt that Baghdad owes it , as a gesture of good will .
Kommersant business daily joined in , declaring in a furious front-page headline : " The United States is demanding that Russia , France and Germany pay for the Iraqi war .
" And the popular Gazeta.ru news website stormed : " We should have expected this !. .
This is only the start of a massive US campaign ( to decide Iraq 's future finances ) .
" Yet Putin has been far more reserved .
He and his loyal finance minister suggested Friday that Moscow might be prepared to waiver some of the Iraqi debts in return for better Russia-US relations .
" On the whole the proposal is understandable and legitimate , " Putin said .
" Russia has no objections to such a proposal .
" Putin concluded his two days of talks in Saint Petersburg with Jacques Chirac of France and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder on Saturday still urging for a central role for the United Nations in a post-war revival of Iraq .
The call reflected the insistent demand made by the three leaders before the US-British invasion of Iraq that UN approval was essential for any mission to topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
But the Saint Petersburg summit ended without any formal declaration on Iraq .
And diplomats noted that Putin appeared uncomfortable at being so closely associated with the anti-Washington stance of Schroeder and Chirac amid his developing friendship with Bush .
Putin had even secretly invited British Prime Minister Tony Blair , Bush 's staunchest backer in the war on Iraq , to attend the pow-wow in Saint Petersburg 's Grand Hotel Europe , although diplomats said Blair turned the offer down .
It remains to be seen how successful Putin 's overtures to Washington will be in the face of the fervent internal hostility to the US war stance .
A senior lawmaker seen as close to the Kremlin ridiculed the United States Sunday for failing to find any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
" We do not think that America won , " said Dmitry Rogozin , the head of the lower house of parliament 's foreign affairs committee , told Rossia television .
" Where are those chemical weapons ? " he demanded .
And Putin 's media aide , Sergei Yastrzhembsky , told Kommersant Russia would not forgive the Iraqi debt .
" ( Washington ) should not be so generous at other people 's expense , " he said .
I just received the latest issue of Merry-Go-Roundup , the quarterly publication of the National Carousel Association .
In it was a blurb reporting that the American Carousel Society had recently disbanded .
Some of you may be wondering why there were two carousel organizations in the first place .
The National Carousel Association was founded in the early 1970's by a group of art historians and collectors , including Frederick Fried , author of the 1964 book " A Pictorial History of The Carousel " that single-handedly gave the classic hand-carved wooden carousel the respect and appreciation it deserved .
Other founders included Charlotte Dinger , who was already a major collector of carousel artwork at the time .
The purpose of the NCA is " to promote conservation , appreciation , knowledge and enjoyment of the art of the classic wooden carousel and especially the preservation of complete wooden carousels .
" The organization attracted a wide range of members , including carousel enthusiasts , owners / operators , theme and amusement parks , museums , libraries , those in the entertainment / recreation industry , art collectors and even auction houses , among others .
It was the presence of these last two named groups that would eventually stir up controversy .
Thanks in large part to the NCA , the art of the carousel was receiving a lot of public attention and appreciation that it had not enjoyed before .
However , this new and brighter spotlight on these antique rides also had the unfortunate effect of enhancing the collectibility and monetary value of operational carousels .
They had become worth more money dead ( i.e. in pieces ) than alive ( i.e. functioning ) .
As such , during the 1980's many beautiful and unique wooden carousels would be broken up at the auction block , as owners rushed to cash in on the antique marketplace .
The liability insurance crisis further aggravated the situation , as amusement park operators sought to cut their losses , while at the same time liquidate underperforming carousels to raise capital for the purchase of newer and more profitable ( thrill ) rides .
Some collectors of carousel art and auction houses were accused of using their NCA affiliation to gain information about vintage carousels that they could target for breakup to their own personal profit , a practice certainly contrary to the stated goals of the organization .
The increasing rift between the " preservationists " and " collectors " would eventually boil over into an internal political struggle that caused many in the collectors faction of the NCA to walk out of the group , including founders such as Charlotte Dinger and others .
The preservationists would chose to remain with the NCA , including Fred Fried .
At this time in the late 1970's , carousel artwork collector and printer Marge Swenson was the editor of the NCA 's Merry-Go-Roundup publication .
The political struggle that occurred within the NCA resulted in two slates of officers being presented for approval to the membership , something that was not supposed to happen .
A thicker-than-usual issue of the Roundup would be filled with accusations from both factions in the group each accusing the other of improper behavior .
Swenson herself would also leave the NCA .
Not much later , she began publishing her own magazine called " Carousel Art " , which was essentially a scholarly photo album depicting different carvers and styles each month .
Meanwhile , those collectors who left the National Carousel Association banded together to form the American Carousel Society ( ACS ) , whose stated aims of carousel preservation also recognized collectors as a positive asset towards that goal .
For the next couple of decades , the two carousel organizations would co-exist , each attracting its share of members .
Some would actually join both groups , and even attend both of their annual conventions .
During the mid-1980's Walter Louck would begin publishing " The Carousel Trader " , later renamed " The Carousel News & amp ; Trader " .
This monthly magazine would cover all angles and sides of the story of the carousel and be well received by all carousel enthusiasts .
About a decade later , Carousel Art would suddenly cease publication .
The NCA would continue to issue the Roundup to its members .
The mid to late 1990's saw the passing of NCA founder Fred Fried , and also that of Charlotte Dinger , both who represented the two opposite points of view in the carousel preservation debate .
Coincidentally and amazingly , the art of building hand-carved carousels ( and even bandorgans ) has been revived , with firms such as Carousel Works and Carousel Magic again building the popular rides in classic design .
This development seems to have greatly alleviated the antique marketplace pressures that have doomed so many legacy wooden carousels over the past several decades .
The turn of the new millenium actually witnessesed a thaw in the relationship between the National Carousel Association and American Carousel Society , as newer and younger leadership took over from the founding generation .
The two groups decided that the bickering between them was wasteful , conterproductive and pointless .
There was talk of a ( re ) merger but the regulations governing non-profits prevented that .
However , it was decided that NCA and ACS hold joint conventions to save on costs to both the clubs and the members .
Just within the past couple of months though , the American Carousel Society had determined that they did not have the funding to continue with the operation of their organization and officially ceased to exist .
So now , once again there is a single nationwide organization to join if you love carousels ! Rapid T. Rabbit back to something Kelly Wallace said .
She was talking about the somewhat blase attitude of Israelis .
We were lacking at the front page of the Jerusalem Post the other day .
The Big Banner Headline That Day big and bold , was President Bush issues ultimatum .
On the side column , as an afterthought , sit tense told to carry gas masks wherever they go .
It gives you a sense of , perhaps what 50 years of tension and war will do to your mentality .
But it does also say that the Israelis are a bit more blase , if that 's a fair word for it , than perhaps we are .
President Bush , when he talked earlier to reporters , mentioned that this effort is an effort , this war is an effort to make the homeland , our homeland , more secure .
John King , that whole issue of homeland security must be so much on the minds of so many government officials , given the level of the terror alert today .
reporter : So far , so good is the assessment we 're getting from senior administration officials as they try to track what they worry about most .
As we have the strikes overseas throughout Iraq , there will be retaliatory terror strikes , either by organized terrorist networks or sympathetic terrorists or people against the United States in this country .
So far , so good .
No plans , we 're told , to raise the threat level , though it 's already at orange , which is high .
So Microsoft of the president 's business has been behind the scenes today .
He 's the most senior of about a handful of senior administration officials , including the vice president and the Secretary of State .
The National Security Advisor fanning out , we 're told in phone calls to more than three dozen world leaders offering them an update on what is going on .
But we did here hear from the president a bit earlier today .
We see Baghdad , a capitol under siege .
Mr. Bush in the Cabinet Room at the White House to portray a different image , trying to show in Washington , it 's business as usual , urgent business as , but still business as usual with Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld on one side , secretary of State Powell on the other .
The president offered a brief statement in the Cabinet Room .
call my cabinet together to review our strategies , to make the world more peaceful , to make our country more secure .
To make the lives of our citizens as healthy and as prosperous as possible .
We heard from Secretary Rumsfeld who briefed us on the early stages of the war .
There is no question we 've set the finest of our citizens into harm 's way .
They performed with great skill and great bravery .
We thank them .
We thank their loved ones .
We appreciate their sacrifice .
We heard from Secretary Powell who briefed us on the ever-growing coalition of the willing , nations who support our deep desire for peace and freedom .
Over 40 nations now support our efforts .
We 're grateful for their determination .
We appreciate their vision , and we welcome their support .
As well , we discussed the need to make sure we have plans in place to encourage economic vitality and growth .
We will continue to push for a Medicare system compassionate for your seniors .
We care deeply about the fact that some children in our society ca n't read .
We want the best of education for every citizen in America .
This cabinet is confident about the future of our country .
We 're confident we can achieve our objectives .
I 'm grateful for their service to their country .
Thank you all .
reporter : So even at the very early stages of a defining moment of Bush presidency , the president trying to make the case his eyes and especially the eyes of his cabinet still on the domestic affairs of the United States as the early prosecution of the war continues .
One thing the president said that will be the point of contention around the world , the president called it an ever-growing coalition of 40 countries .
That is handful more nations that were actively involved in the coalition his father assembled 12 years ago for the Persian Gulf War , but there is a significant difference , of course .
In this coalition , it ips the United States doing the overwhelming load of the fighting .
British forces on the ground , Australian troops scheduled to take part , perhaps in some way .
In the last Gulf War , you had Arab forces on the ground .
The Egyptians , Syrians , Saudis , Qataris taking up arms to expel the Iraqi armiy Kuwait .
No such participation this time around .
ABC The president says , this is a growing coalition , this is one of the big Geo political debates going on around the world as the president As they get ready to head over hostile territory , 10 men aboard this Air Force HC-130 search and rescue and refueling plane start to feel their adrenaline rushing .
Who looks out for the unlikely prospect of Iraqi aircraft , and the more likely prospect of Iraqi missiles or artillery .
( on camera ) : Does your mindset change across the border into Iraq ? No , because I am in an area which I do n't know where the enemy could be and I might get to the airplane , by the time I get out of the airplane I 'm thinking the same way .
Which is ? The hair on the back of my neck starts standing up , then something 's going wrong .
As a precaution , the crew starts turning the huge plane in circles to see what the targets do .
Ultimately it 's discovered the targets are U.S. combat helicopters .
Minutes later the search and rescue helicopter arrives for its refueling .
Watch the flash from our night vision camera as the plane 's fuel line connects with the chopper .
Both aircraft fly at 125 miles per hour gingerly over enemy land .
At times they are only 50 feet apart with the chopper 's rotor blades getting closer .
Looking with the naked eye out of the plane , the helicopter is impossible to see .
The pitch-black maneuver ends after 10 minutes .
( on camera ) : What stops though we know the Iraqis have fired sand missiles and fired AAA at aircraft all throughout this war .
They have n't hit anybody , but is n't it risky flying so low knowing they have that ammunition to fire at you .
Again , we know where we 're going .
We know where they 're at so we simply avoid them and if for some reason they do get off a lucky shot or they do see us , we have defensive systems on board the airplane to defeat their ammunition .
We all fly with bulletproof vests in case the plane goes down .
We also fly with parachutes in case we need to get out before the plane goes down .
( voice-over ) : But three airmen aboard this plane have parachutes for a different reason .
They are the Pararescue jumpers , or PJs who jump off the plane for rescue missions .
I mean it 's probably the most the best feeling in the world knowing that your purpose is really defined at that moment .
No rescues were necessary on this sortie .
The plane arrived back to base safely .
( on camera ) : Do you have any fear ? Everybody has a little bit of fear but I think it 's a good thing in this circumstance .
This crew could be back on another mission in as few as 24 hours .
This is a very busy base .
We want to give you a look right now at the aircraft coming in for landings .
It looks like LAX on a Sunday night and this is what it 's been like for the past 11 days .
We have just watched multitudes of warplanes land , multitudes of warplanes take off and this may be the busiest night of the campaign .
They 're expecting a total at this particular base near the Iraqi border of 300 sorties in a 24-hour period ending today according to the Air Force total from all the bases and there are more than 30 bases in 12 different countries in the Middle East according to the Pentagon .
They 're saying there will be 1500 sorties in a 24-hour period ending tomorrow .
Eight hundred of those sorties will be strike sorties using bombs and missiles so there is no slow down in the amount of air power being used over Iraq .
Wolf , back to you .
That 's a lot of bombs and missiles .
Gary Tuchman in an air base near the Iraq border , thanks very much , Gary Tuchman .
This programming note , tomorrow at noon Eastern I 'll have a special interview with the nation 's top military officer , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
General Richard Myers will be my special guest on a special late addition .
That 's at noon Eastern , nine A.M. Pacific tomorrow .
That 's Sunday and I 'll be back Judy and at the top of the hour for Wolf Blitzer Reports .
We 'll have a complete wrap of all the day 's late breaking developments .
In the meantime , back to Judy Woodruff in Washington .
We 'll be watching you both times at the top of the hour and certainly for late edition on Sunday .
Thanks Wolf .
Well , as coalition forces push north , they are encountering a unique problem of combat , getting rid of the weapons captured from the enemy .
Some of the 40,000 British troops are kicking up a lot of dust in the Iraqi desert making sure that nothing is left behind them that could hurt them .
Greg Milam is with the U.K. forces in southern Iraq .
Seemingly deserted , these battered buildings hold a deadly threat to British forces in Iraq .
This is what we 're coming across a lot of these , 30 mil , 60 mil , 80 mil , even 120 mil .
So there 's plenty still out there that will have to be recovered because they can be used .
Do you know when this place was last used ? I mean do you know ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) I 'm not too sure but judging by some of this , it 's been here quite a long time so whether it 's been used recently by them there was an Intel upbeat saying that they were possibly coming back to try and get this to use against them .
Grenades , mortars , all sorts of ammunition abandoned by Iraqi soldiers but there for the taking .
The job of these Royal Engineers is to clear this and many other mountains of armaments and destroy them .
Some are too unstable to be moved and have to be blown up on the spot .
The rest is carried way out into the desert .
And today 's parts in this conflict , this kind of work becomes more and more important .
With the coalition forces moving forward the last thing they want is weaponry like this lurking behind them .
With the amounts of ammunition and weapons left about , if they 'd used those systems , that amount of weapon it would have given us a considerable amount of trouble trying to take the positions .
With much of this weaponry there is only one safe thing to do .
No one in the British forces here is willing to take any risks .
Greg Milam , Sky News , Southern Iraq .
10 .
Death of Arafat ( 2 ) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week , after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death .
What do you think caused his illness , and could it have been something malicious ( like poisoning ) ? What do you think of Israel 's policies surrounding Arafat 's illness and death ? Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat 's funeral ? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem ? Hello , this is Ed .
Uh , Hi , yeah , this is James .
Hey , James .
How you doing ? Good .
Well , what do you think ? I think I was on this one yesterday , same subject .
I , I believe I 've talked about this subject once before too .
Uh , Well , let 's see , my past views were , uh illness-wise , ah I do n't think it helped him , being in the compound .
Right .
Right .
But , You 're , you know , you 're never going to know if there was any , ah , clandestine-type operation that Aided his , ah ah , illness .
Mhm .
I think that they , ah , (( )) , I do n't think you 're ever going to find out if there was any direct Right .
tampering Right .
but I do n't , you know , from just the generic point , or general point of view , it did n't help his illness once he got sick being in the compound , closed in like that with the Arabs .
Right .
Right .
And that I do n't I do n't know if I think there was something you know , malicious done , because , you know , looking back he 's been had this shaking thing going on Yeah .
for quite some time .
And I agree that the surroundings could n't have helped .
Right .
Yeah , it , it could 've only exacerbated , uh , his situation .
Because for for a good little while now I 've noticed , you know , that his lips would tremble , and Yeah .
and , you know , it 's like , um , uh , almost like he had , uh , what is that , Parkinson 's ? Yeah .
Uh , something like that , but , uh , I do n't know what the exact conditions were in that compound , but they could n't have been could n't have been , ah , conducive to someone of his age and of his health and as far as , as , ah , the United States sending a senior ~ US official , I think they should 've sent someone I do n't know how senior that person had to be .
But , uh , it could 've been a gesture Well they did they did send somebody , I thought .
Did n't they go with a senior official , I had to did n't think they were going to ask this question , but I Oh y yeah , you 're right , they did send someone .
but it was n't like , ah , was n't Bush , I definitely would n't send him , I do n't think you want to have him in that part of the world right now .
Right .
No. No. No , I do n't think Regardless of what you think about him , he 's , ah Yeah , I do n't think he should have went as a matter of fact , I do n't think any senior official should 've went , I do n't think Secretary of State Colin Powell should have went .
Uh , whoever they sent was , was good enough .
Yeah .
Yeah , was good enough , just to show the Palestinian people that , uh you know , America does care somewhat that you 've lost your leader .
But , uh , no , it would 've been it would 've been a wro as a matter of fact , I think sending Bush would have made it worse .
You know .
Uh , because he 's not liked that much by the Palestinian people .
So I , I do n't think sending him would 've been would 've been the right thing to do .
No , I agree with that .
Yeah , I do n't think it would 've added anything to to the situation. and possibly could 've made it worse .
Yeah .
Yeah .
As to his burial Mhm .
ah , Not anymore , these are all , uh like these are all political responses Huh .
Right .
you know , there is no right answer , considering that that is not Mhm .
you know , they 're still arguing over that land , and is it , ah Yeah .
who owns it and respect , so I mean it 's Mhm .
I 'd say my overall opinion is that this conflict is way past that time .
Yeah , well , You know , it 's been going on for all these many what , Hundreds .
hundreds of years and a lot of people have lost their lives , and and a lot of kids have grown up and all they 've ever known on both sides Israeli and Palestinian , all they 've ever known is war .
And it 's just tiresome .
I mean , that 's , that 's my , my view , this thing has gone so long like you said , about a piece of land .
And it 's just , you know , They , they , they got to learn at some point that they 're going to have to be able to get along .
Or this is just going to keep going around , and around , and around , and , you know , the the the Palestinians will , will , will will will do something , then Israel will respond , and then back and forth and it 's just like a never ending circle .
Oh yeah .
It 's like a never ending circle of violence and death and destruction .
And , like I said , I 'm personally just tired of it .
I think the world is just tired of it .
Oh yeah .
You know .
And they need to try and , try and , I , I mean , I do n't have the answer .
You know , I do n't have all the answers .
I just know that it is just just an ongoing situation that is there seems to be no end in sight .
I agree .
going to use it in those patients * * His Dandruff Shampoo was n't tough enough for black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun blue .
It 's doctor recommended and works fast .
Selsun blue .
That have riveted the nation .
First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case .
Punishing prosecutors .
It could all be up for grabs .
Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home about him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die .
And Andrew Luster , grandson of cosmetic legend Max Factor .
What drove him to become a serial rapist and to jump bail in the middle of the trial .
Only to be captured in Mexico by a bounter hunter after five months on the Roun .
That 's all next on " Larry King Live .
" We begin first with the extraordinary case of Andrew Luster .
And the guests are here in Los Angeles , Roger John Diamond .
He is Andrew Luster 's attorney .
In Chicago , the well known Bill Curtis .
The special report will air tonight at 10:00 eastern , a twisted mind , the Andrew Luster story on a & amp ; E produced by CBS News productions for a & amp ; E and Bill Curtis is the producer and director .
In New York is Nancy Grace .
A former prosecutor .
In Atlanta Chris picksly , defense attorney .
And in New York , Dr. Michael Wellner who published the research study on drug facilitated rapists .
He 's a professor of psychiatry at nyu , chairman of the forensic panel and fellow of the depravity scale that considers sensational crimes for sentencing .
He was arrested in June after he he jumped trial on bail .
NEW DELHI , June 7 ( AFP ) A provincial chief from India 's main opposition Congress party has told an election rally that India is suffering nature 's " curse " because both the president and prime minister are bachelors , a report said Saturday .
The Times of India newspaper quoted Digvijay Singh , chief minister of the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh , as saying that Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee and President Abdul Kalam had offended the Hindu rain God Varuna by remaining bachelors .
" The country is being ruled by a bachelor president and an unmarried prime minister .
This according to the Hindu shastras ( books ) is very inauspicious and that is the reason there is a widespread heatwave and drought , " said Singh .
" Not just Prime Minister Vajpayee but President Kalam 's bachelor status is making the country dry , arid and infertile , " he added .
The general secretary of Vajpayee 's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party , Pramod Mahajan , retorted that Singh 's statement was " beneath contempt .
" India 's has been reeling under a heatwave since mid-May which has killed 1,403 people .
The country 's western desert state of Rajasthan is also bracing for its fifth straight year of drought .
I have 2 girls already , nearly 8 and 4.5 yrs and I have always said I will NEVER forget the pain of childbirth .
Abby was a true water birth ( 3kg normal ) and with Fiona I was dragged out of the pool after the head crowned ( gyno had written on my notes she was 4kg ( large ) and that she was not to be born in the water ( long painful story ! ) I can still remember though the pain I felt .
I am on the large side but I am so worried about how I 'm going to cope with a natural childbirth without a pool ( not available round here ) .
I 've seen videos and heard of ladies who have " managed " their pain control .
How in Heavens name can you do that ? I 've been there ; I know what the pain feels like !! Can anyone give me advice or let me know of any techniques which might be able to help ? Thanks in advance .
Anna Mc If you do n't have an institutional water birth available , have you considered just staying home ? Unassisted or midwife attended ? I understand hypnobirthing can be very helpful .
I am not pursuing it because I was able to go inside the pain to the good place without training , last time .
I have not been thinking much about the hard part of labor prior to getting so close .
Now I remember how intense it is .
I think I am still looking forward to it more than fearing it , but hey .
It 's a really intense , vulnerable thing .
Dagny If you go for a home birth you can rent a birthing pool .
I would n't necessaritly say that you will have a repeat labour ! My first labour I was 30 hours and had an epidural after 22 hours. # 2 I went in saying " give me the epidural asap-and never got to the state where I felt that I needed it .
Only had tens and gas-and-air .
So do n't give up on the idea of a natural birth because last time was painful .
I think different people / different labours are different , so just because one person says " I did *** and it did n't hurt a bit " does n't mean that it will work for someone else , so going in with a set of suggestions , and being prepared to try them and see which is the best is probably the most helpful .
( Oh and " it did n't hurt a bit " is usually helped by mummy amnesia !! ; - P ) Debbie 2 .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
How many people work there , and what is the hierarchy ? Who works for whom ? What kind of job do you have ? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do .
Do you think your company is well-run ? If not , what could make it better ? Uh , Roger .
Hello , I 'm Diane Okay .
I 'm from Lufkin , Texas .
Where are you from ? Uh , Atlanta , Georgia .
Georgia ? Okay .
Mhm .
Oh , tell me about your workplace .
I was going to say , you go first .
Okay , it does n't matter .
You can or I can .
You can go first .
Okay .
I own a restaurant .
And uh Oh those are good .
Yeah .
Seventeen people employed there .
Um predominantly Hispanics work in the kitchen area .
They 're uh well , actually , you know they 're some of my cake decorators in the bakery area too .
They 're it 's it 's predominantly a Hispanic run organization .
I 'm not Hispanic , but they uh I 've hired uh Yeah .
a couple that worked out quite well , and then I 've let them recommend family members and friends , and that seems to have been a really good setup , because they 're recommending people that they know work well , and you know , it 's it 's uh and they 're happy with who they 're working with .
And I 've sort of left some of that up to them .
I 've got a a manager that you know , she 's I defer to her on who thinks whether she thinks I should hire somebody or not .
And I 've had really good luck , because the restaurant business typically um Yeah .
does not keep people very long .
It 's a short term employment , and I 've got people that 's been with me for eight , nine , ten years now .
You know , long term employees , so Yeah .
it 's it 's been a good setup .
Um you know , I 've got the older ones typically are the ones that run the different departments , you know the the deli area or the bakery area or the up front area , and the new ones kind of defer to them , and it sort of runs itself .
I feel really lucky .
I 've got a I 've got a really good crew .
Yeah .
I think I 've got a working situation .
Oh , okay .
S Hey , tell me about yours .
So you got you at the top , but you got a manager , huh ? Uh uh yeah .
I 've got a girl that I 've hired uh well , I hired her , let 's see , about nine years ago It 's a Hispanic girl but she speaks fluent English and Spanish , so she can work with both you know either language problem .
That 's what you need .
And she 's uh hard worker , always there , um everybody She works with everybody rather than just telling them what to do , and they respect her and work for her quite well , so I 'm not working nearly as hard as I was a few years back .
Tell me about yours now .
Okay , I um , work at a moving company , Classic Design Services , Okay .
and I am a driver and a loader and a lot of other stuff. um I work for this guy named uh Joe , he was a regional bank manager for Wachovia for a few years. and bought our company out from our previous owner. um Do y'all do cross country ? I 'm kind of like Huh ? Do y'all do cross country moves , or just local ? Yeah , we do , um we have a uh a office in Phoenix , Arizona , and we do uh basically do continental ~ USA Okay .
um moves and pickups and deliveries from all over .
Okay .
Okay .
And I work mostly in the local department and sometimes I um in you know , sometimes I get on the road and travel , but not not t not too often .
How many employees there ? So .
There 's about , there 's over a hundred and twenty now .
Ooh , big big company then .
(( )) I used to know everybody .
And uh now it 's now I do n't know everybody , so .
It started off , when I first got there four years ago .
Well , five years ago .
There was like , about thirty forty some people .
Mm .
Growing fast .
So it kind of doubled , but uh um business has been coming in , uh you know , we stop having slow seasons , and now it seems like it 's always busy .
Yeah .
6 .
Criminal Trials / Peterson Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
There 's been a lot of media coverage of the Peterson trial .
Why do you think this trial has been so publicized ? What other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention , and why ? What 's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall ? Hello ? Hi , I 'm Ken .
How are you ? I 'm Paul , I am from Delaware and I 'm doing okay .
I I 'm calling you from New York City , Paul , it 's a pleasure to meet you .
Nice to meet you , too .
Thank you .
Have yo how so , how do you feel about this Scott Peterson trial and all the publicity they 're putting into it , and Well , I I think it gets so much publicity because this this guy came out and claimed his wife was missing Right .
and then , uh , his double life came came into view , and I I think that was Right .
kind of fascinating , Uh , with the with the girlfriend ? for Yeah .
Okay .
For a lot of folks .
Okay , I guess I can agree with that , also , um , yeah .
I mean , he 's he 's not really a celebrity like ~ OJ was , or Yeah , well , I that 's what I was g my next question was , that was another big criminal criminal , uh , trial , or Yeah .
you know , and they that went on for months and months and months and then , I guess the next one that we 'll be getting is the Michael Jackson thing .
Yeah , Michael Jackson and and Robert Blake , Yeah , Robert Blake , Robert Blake .
and , uh He 's out right now , is n't he , or is still in jail ? I 'm I 'm not sure .
Well , huh , eh , eh , I think , uh , one of those guys Columbo , Columbo , that 's Robert Blake , right ? Uh , Baretta .
Oh , that 's Baretta .
He 's he 's in jail .
Baretta .
Yeah .
I do n't know .
These guys , I do n't know .
Robert Blake does n't seem like he 's all there .
Yeah , well .
I I do n't know what 's going to happen in that one .
But he needs that parakeet with him or something .
Remember the parakeet in the show ? Yeah , I That 's right .
I forgot about that .
Yeah .
uh , Gilligan 's Island , all this good stuff .
Right .
(( Right.)) Yeah .
I mean , it was great stuff .
Baretta .
They Baretta had a really good theme song , too .
Yeah , yeah .
Yeah , I like that song .
I like that song , yeah .
But with this Peterson guy he looks so cool and reserved but , uh , it 's like nothing 's phasing him , and I know .
Even when they Do you think he did it ? when they read the verdict he he did n't even flinch , did n't even blink .
No. Uh , do you think he did it ? I went , wow , that 's kind of weird .
Yeah .
Well , i it makes me think that he probably did it .
Eh , he , eh , w it seemed like he covered his tracks , though , I mean , they have no evidence other than the bodies that they found .
Yeah .
So , it 's crazy , but , they 're saying where they 're going to put him th eh , in the same prison next to Charles Manson or something like that .
That 's , like , really crazy .
Yeah , so they can be buddies or something , I do n't know .
(( But )) But I do n't think he 's going to last in jail if he goes to jail , I mean .
They talking abou how do you feel about this death penalty thing ? Well , jeez , I I do n't know .
Eh , I mean , I do n't thin I mean , I I I do n't think that he should suffer that , you know , I think he should , um , I do n't think that he should suffer that .
Yeah .
Well , if if he does live and he is in prison , Mhm .
he 'll probably get some wacky woman who wants to marry him , Oh yeah .
Oh yeah .
Yeah , that get married two or three times in there .
Yeah , that reminds me of the Central Park , uh , guy Robert Chambers in New York City .
Now , Yeah .
they 've I 'm surprised they have n't made a big , big thing out of it , eh , he just got busted last week for some something .
And , um , I think he s m was meeting women in the jail like that , too , when he was there , but he just got out of doing fifteen years and , you know , he was just , eh , Central Park , he had , uh , well , rough sex or something , with a woman in the park and they said he strangled her , or Oh , sure , the preppy guy .
Yeah , the preppy guy , yeah .
They caught him last weekend doing something , but , uh , he driving without a license or whatever .
Yeah , just always always in trouble now .
5 .
Death of Arafat ( 1 ) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week .
Do you think Arafat 's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ? Was Arafat a good leader ? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died ? What , if anything , should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process ? Hello .
Hi , this is Paul .
Hi .
Where are you from ? I 'm in Delaware .
Delaware .
And my name is Rainia and I 'm in Eureka , California .
Wow .
Opposite sides of the coast .
Yeah .
Well , that 's an interesting question they 're asking .
Yeah , it is , uh , the past couple of topics have been more controversial than the early topics and , uh , well , I 'm I 'm very opinionated .
I 'm happy to talk about it .
Yeah , go right ahead .
Well , um , Yasser Arafat was was he a good leader ? I I think that , uh , he he 's pretty much or he was pretty much following what he had always done , even as a young man , uh , back in Algeria when when he led the terrorist attacks against the French to kick them out of Algeria .
And I I think he was doing the same thing there in Palestine .
I I do n't think , eh , I do n't think he really knew how to , uh , take on the role of of peacemaker .
You know , I 'm I 'm you know , I could be wrong .
That 's just my opinion .
But i it seems like that that was always a problem for him .
Hm .
Yeah .
Um , I 'm not sure myself uh how good a leader he was .
I I it 's hard to get the truth w when the when the there 's so many uh slanted uh information Yeah .
especially on the main media .
That 's true .
I do n't like the way Israel has been going after the Palestinians Right .
I I agree .
I think Ariel Sharon is a lot like Yasser Arafat .
And I ca n't understand why the two of them did n't see the similarities .
Yeah .
Um , and they were asking too , of about the , should the ~ US be involved in that whole thing ? Yeah .
That that 's interesting , too , because cutting Yasser Arafat out of the whole thing was was really George Bush 's decision .
I think personally , he did n't like him because he thought he was a a liar so he refused to have anything to do with him .
And , uh , th - Uh , which which Bush are you talking about ? George ~ W Bush .
Oh , ok yeah .
(( )) Well - Ev everything kind of stopped when when he became president and all , uh , activity regarding Israel , Palestine stopped .
And Israel pretty much could do what they wanted .
An and you 're right , it did n't seem fair at all .
Yeah , there 're th well , the way I see it , eh , Bush , eh , has a right wing Christian , right-wing agenda .
He he 's some how thinks that if Israel has I 'm not sure that all their prophecies are but there 's something about if they can get rid of the Palestinians , that will somehow , um , their prophecy coming true and th and then somehow I do n't I we do n't understand what on Earth they 're That sounds - trying to achieve with this but i it seems like a - that sounds kind of scary .
a Christian agenda , yeah , that that that , uh , the end of the world , the end times if , um , Israel takes over Palestine that 's h some has something to do with the end times .
It 's really frightening the way they talk and , um , I do n't think he 's qualified to be involved in this at all .
It never was right to begin with n and , you know , we we 're we 're only given certain information and Mhm .
hard to really know the whole real story of what 's going on over there .
But I do know Right .
that what the Israelis are doing is wrong .
By going into their territory and building these walls or building settlements pushing the Palestinians out and Palestinians fight with rocks and sticks and Israelis have their machine guns and bulldozers and I just t really unpalatable that the whole idea , the the way they 're going about this thing and I do n't really feel qualified to say how it should be , but I see it being wrong to hurt children and innocent people .
No matter what side they 're on Right .
IRBIL , Iraq ( AP ) Kurdish militiamen and U.S. special operations troops linked up with more than 1,000 U.S. Army paratroopers Thursday to secure the area around a strategic air strip , as the first large coalition ground force in northern Iraq began opening another front against Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The Army 's 173rd Airborne Brigade , including elite Army Rangers , jumped out of low-flying C-17 transport planes under cover of darkness Wednesday and secured a snow-dusted airfield , which will be used to bring in supplies and support personnel .
The airdrop _ one of the biggest paratroop drops in decades _ was a dramatic entry for ground troops into a region where only small groups of U.S. special forces have been operating .
Coalition airstrikes have been hitting Iraqi military forces and other strategic targets in the north .
`` This tightens the noose against Saddam 's forces battling coalition forces to the south , '' Brig. Gen. James Parker , commander of U.S. forces in the north .
`` And it may also serve as a warning to Turkish forces .
'' Giving cover for the deployment , U.S. warplanes struck Iraqi ground troops and bunkers in northern Iraq .
Three waves of combat planes from the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt hit `` ground troops , command and control bunkers , artillery positions and ... a surface to air missile battery , '' said Lt. John Oliveira , the ship 's public affair officer .
Around dawn Thursday , strikes resumed , with a massive explosion just outside the Kurdish zone close to the village of Kalak .
Warplanes pounded forward Iraqi positions in the hills overlooking Chamchamal , 35 kilometers ( 22 miles ) east of the key oil city of Kirkuk .
Later Thursday , Kurdish troops in Chamchamal advanced their positions between government-controlled and rebel-controlled areas , taking over a Iraqi check point on their front with no fighting at this point , witnesses said .
Early Thursday , Kurdish fighters closed off a highway and roads near the airstrip where troops were said to be arriving , outside the town of Bashur , about 30 miles ( 50 kilometers ) northeast of the Kurd-controlled city of Irbil and 30 miles ( 50 kilometers ) south of the Turkish border .
From the highway , dusted from a recent snow , a flashing light from the airstrip 's control tower was visible in the distance , and three helicopters could be seen landing , flying with nearly all their lights extinguished .
Future airlifts into the area will include supplies and support personnel for the 173rd 's fighters , defense officials said .
The airfield 's 6,700-foot ( 2,042-meter ) runway is long enough to land C-17s and other U.S. military cargo planes .
Lt. Col. Thomas Collins , a spokesman for the U.S. Army 's Southern European Task Force , refused to say whether the paratroopers deployed directly from Italy into Iraq or had taken a different route .
The matter immediately sparked controversy in Italy , where there is a strong anti-war movement .
The country 's parliament voted this month to allow U.S. - led coalition forces to use Italian air space and military bases _ but not for directs attacks on Iraq .
Pentagon officials have said for weeks they would have U.S. forces in northern Iraq to open another front against Saddam 's forces .
The vast majority of the coalition ground troops in Iraq are moving toward Baghdad from the south after entering from Kuwait .
Pentagon officials had hoped to have the Army 's 4th Infantry Division invade Iraq from the north , but Turkey balked at allowing up to 62,000 U.S. troops on its soil to prepare for that option .
The use of the 173rd shows the military has shifted to a smaller , lighter force .
Military officials say they would have liked to have secured key oil fields around the northern cities of Mosul and Kirkuk _ and perhaps the cities themselves _ by now .
Though no hostilities were expected during the deployment , the 173rd decided to parachute in rather then ferry troops in by plane so that a significant combat force could mass almost immediately to protect itself , officers said , according to a U.S. reporter traveling with the 173rd .
`` Kirkuk is key .
The Iraqi 's want it , the Kurds want it , the Turks want it and various other ethnic groups also want it , '' Maj. Mike Hastings said .
`` What this drop means is that we can secure it until we are relieved by other forces .
'' Besides Mosul and Kirkuk , another key target in northern Iraq is Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown and the tribal center for most of his inner circle .
Most of the Adnan Division of the Republican Guard relocated from the Mosul area to the Tikrit area shortly before the war began .
Another key mission for the 173rd could be to keep order in northern Iraq , which is controlled by two semi-autonomous Kurdish factions but also includes several splinter groups and a base for the al-Qaida-linked Ansar al-Islam .
Turkey has said it may send more troops into northern Iraq to prevent refugees from moving north , while U.S. officials have said they advised Turkey against sending large additional forces into northern Iraq .
LONDON , April 1 ( AFP ) British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown on Tuesday named the current head of the country 's energy regulator as the new chairman of finance watchdog the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) .
Former senior banker Callum McCarthy begins what is one of the most important jobs in London 's financial world in September , when incumbent Howard Davies steps down .
Davies is leaving to become chairman of the London School of Economics , one of the best-known parts of the University of London .
Brown said McCarthy would bring to the FSA " an unrivalled combination of experience of the public sector , experience as a senior practitioner in the financial services industry , and chairman of a highly successful regulator .
" McCarthy currently heads the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets , or Ofgem , which regulates Britain 's privatised energy industry .
As well as previously holding senior positions at Barclays Bank , BZW and Kleinwort Benson , McCarthy was formerly a top civil servant at the Department of Trade and Industry .
Under Davies 's watch , the FSA became Britain 's sole regulatory body for financial services in November 2001 , taking on the various functions of nine separate agencies .
I 'm taking a 7 day cruise with Princess in March and applied for my $100 Carnival Corp .
Shareholder onboard credit .
Turns out that my travel Agent has a 'group' cruise on this ship and my $50 / pp credit due to the 'group' cruise makes me ineligible for the shareholder credit .
This really makes a mockery of the Shareholder credit as almost every cruise has some sort of small credit attached. $100 wo n't break the bank or make the cruise less enjoyable , nor will I stop being a shareholder , but I do find this sort of thing irritating .
Stephen This is incorrect .
Have your TA get in touch with Rebecca Faroy at Carnival Corp 's Investor 's Relations department .
It seems that some Princess people are n't fully aware of the correct policy .
The Shareholder Credit does apply to group bookings .
George in PA Miracle in May The Mother of All Group Cruises 2 George has it right .
I have been on two group cruises and received my shareholder credit for both .
( one Carnival Cruise , one HAL cruise ) Anyone have an idea if they will renew the shareholder credit arrangement ? As it is now , it expires July 1 , I think .
Liza McDaniel in Yield Management denied us the shareholder discount last Thanksgiving because our TA had included us in a group .
John One other item ... did you contact Princess to submit your shareholder docs ? The Carnival office in Florida only accepts docs for Carnival cruises .... the other Carnival properties have to be contacted directly to submit shareholder docs .
Ex : I sent my docs to HAL in Seattle for my HAL cruise , even though Carnival owns HAL .
You can get the larger of the shipboard credits .
Until recently you could combine the stockholder credits with the credits for booking on board , but not with those from your agent .
The most recent Carnival report under Shareholder Benefit says , " not combinable with any other shipboard offer " .
Therefore I recently sold my stock .
( Made a nice profit .
) On Tue , 22 Feb 2005 08:13:13 GMT , " Me , too , though I am no stock guru .
I cannot figure a place to put my $$ other than the cruise industry .
Reports I read sound pretty rosey compared to other parts of the economy .
Do n't give up .
I believe that clause actually refers to promo cruises etc. and not to discounts , or shipboard credits offered by your TA .
I have doubled up on shareholder credits on both Carnival Corp. cruises and RCL cruises .
Maybe you need a different travel agent .
Tobie on an Island in the Pacific Well , U.S. forces entering Baghdad do face the prospect of urban combat , a type of battle they have trained for , but , of course , they would prefer to avoid .
For more now on the unique challenges posed by urban combat , let 's go back to Atlanta and join the man whose voice we just heard , Miles O'Brien .
Hello again , Miles .
Hello again , Judy .
I 'm joined by J. Kelly McCann , our security analyst , a man who 's spent a lot of time learning about urban combat .
You know , just those two words together , I think , scare a lot of people because of all the things that can go wrong .
You know , I 'm impressed , looking at this map , it almost looks like a chess game , kind of sterile .
That is could n't be further from the truth , could it ? Absolutely not .
This is very clean and it 's very orderly .
Suddenly when we show the videotape and we start to go there , you 'll see just how conflicted an environment that is .
And all happening so quickly .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Let 's roll some tape .
We 're going to kind of play it and stop it , and Kelly 's going to walk us through , I guess , Urban Combat 101 .
What are we seeing here ? Just there , I mean , just getting the door out of the way , you can see where the weapons have to go .
Now , you just see this soldier right here , he 's going to his sidearm to make a little bit more mobile .
And he 's got to be careful of his muzzle pointing at his partner right here .
Now , he 's going to go that direction , because that room is clear .
Go ahead and stop the tape.As you make every entry , Miles , there are two dead spots , one , of course , in this direction right here , which you ca n't see from the doorway , the other in this direction right here , and that 's always the problem , because as you come in here , you 've got to be able to get in there quickly and make sure that this person here does n't get shot in the back .
So ... All right .
Now , what about this , this armor ? Tell us how they 're equipped with armor there .
Level 4 armor , this is not just for frag .
This will also stop bullets .
And there 's a difference .
The normal flak jacket will stop fragments from grenades , et cetera .
This is a plate that will actually stop and deform a bullet .
All right .
Let 's roll tape and continue on here and talk about Now , I notice his hand his sidearm is attached to him .
That 's for ... Exactly ... ... ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) ... ... ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) retention , for retention capability .
So he goes down the hallway , and you can see once that 's called clear , straight trigger finger , in case there 's any sympathetic muscle tightening , there 's no problem .
You 'll see another person come right up here , and he 'll hold on this door , because that 's not been cleared space yet , again , straight trigger finger , but ready to shoot if he needs to .
Sort of ready but not quite ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Absolutely .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Immediately making entry with the thing , and then pying ( ph ) the room out , getting angles of vision as they clear it .
But look at that , a dark space from a lighted space .
Who knows what 's in the recesses ? All right .
Let 's roll that second tape quickly , and we 'll show you a couple more tips from Kelly 's perspective .
So far , what we 're seeing is pretty much textbook .
Absolutely .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) ... All right .
Now , this is a rural setting , but this could be applied to urban combat , yes .
Very different circumstance .
Same thing when you come into a building .
But stop the tape right here ... Oop , we missed it , we missed it ... ... if you would , ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) It 's all right .
You can see all this area ... No , just roll it .
... out here .
Just go ahead and roll it .
All of that has to be accounted for as well , not just the space in here .
Your back is not covered .
Many angles you 've got to watch for .
Now , you see right here , he 's got a sidearm , he 's calling the team in .
All the rear is Now , stop the tape .
Yes , ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
Imagine a person that is concealed anywhere in here .
I mean , you could have anyone with a rifle back in these areas here ... Up in this area here , here ... ... in any of these recesses back over here .
Oop .
I mean , you know , you 're looking at he would n't have a bomb ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) ... No , he would n't have that .
But let me ask you this .
Also that the garb , ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) there 's a cultural issue here .
That provides a lot of cover for weapons if need be , right ? Absolutely .
And someones might say , Well , why put their hands on their head like this ? Because , you know , you the hands hurt .
And I wo n't be able to determine what you 're doing with your face .
Where are your hands and what do they hold ? All right .
Let 's roll it real quickly and we 'll make a few more points , if we could .
A lot of fear in their faces here .
You see , by the way , they all have radios , I notice they have , like , a little headset there .
That allows them to communicate ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) ... Immediate communications , absolutely .
You see them having their sectors of fire .
All these areas up in here , you know , could be subjected to people hiding , et cetera .
Now you 've got people coming down that have already been cleared .
Look at the fear on the faces .
They do n't understand what 's going on .
And you want to keep them calm , and ... Very calm , reassure them that this is n't about them .
Wow .
Now , here 's a little bit more aggressive stance .
Exactly .
Go ahead and stop tape ... Stop it right there .
Oh , we missed it again .
... if you can .
Obviously , that person is doing something that that soldier did n't appreciate .
I would say aggressive is a good word for that ... Absolutely .
... the business end of that M-16 .
All right , Kelly McCann , thank you for some insights .
And that compound that by a city of 5 million , it kind of boggles the mind and really gives you a sense of what lies head for U.S. and coalition forces .
Thanks very much for your insights .
Pleasure , Miles .
Judy .
Thanks , Miles and Kelly .
I 've always wondered what happened who covers the last man or woman in one of those operations , but that 's something for your next conversation .
Well , those of you who still believe the myth of the liberal media should consider this : MSNBC , an obscure cable channel , has fired Phil Donahue , the host of its highest-rated show .
A memo from inside NBC , reported on the Web site allyourtv.com , and today in " The Washington Post , " shows NBC big wigs feared that the liberal Mr. Donahue represented in the words of the NBC memo quote " a difficult public face for NBC at a time of war , while our competitors are waving the flag at every opportunity because he seems to delight in presenting guests who are anti-war , anti-Bush and skeptical of the administration 's motives .
" So there it is , according to NBC .
Phil Donahue was fired because he 's a liberal .
In fact , the only liberal with the solo cable talk show .
NBC , of course , is a division of the conglomerate GE , where they apparently only bring right wing things to life .
I actually like Phil Donahue .
I 've interviewed him a number of times .
His arguments are really dumb .
I do n't know if you 've listened to Phil Donahue .
Delightful guy , but his arguments do n't make a lot of sense and I think that is the problem with liberal talk show hosts you excluded , of course , and James .
But the arguments , actually , do n't hold up very well .
Have you noticed that ? You know , you can argue back and forth , but you should n't fire someone because of their political views and that 's what NBC has done and shame on the General Electric corporation .
He had the highest-rated show on the network .
Which is saying what ? I used to work there .
They 're good to me .
They 're very nice people and they 're very good to me ... OK , OK , I 'm not beat up on MSNBC .
... but they should n't fire a guy for his political views .
5 .
Death of Arafat ( 1 ) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week .
Do you think Arafat 's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ? Was Arafat a good leader ? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died ? What , if anything , should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process ? Hi .
I my name is Mark .
My name is Ali , uh , How you d - from Pennsylvania .
how you doing ? I 'm fine .
How are you ? Good , good .
Not too bad .
Uh , so let me ask you , do you think Arafat was , uh , a good leader or not ? Um , to hi yeah , I I think he did what he thought was right for his people .
I I I would say he was a good leader for for , uh , his people .
And as far as our involvement there , should be as little as possible .
Just let them do what they , you know , what they 're going to do and we should stay out of it (( just )) as much as we can .
Uh , this country seems to get involved too much in other people 's politics .
Should just let them do whatever they 're going to do , Uh , you know .
mm , by the way I am from Arab origin , so I also have , uh , uh , the same opinion like you .
I believe he in my opinion he he was a good leader and , um , I believe what , eh , has to be done right now is to (( apply )) the United Nations ' , uh , decisions about the conflict between Arab and Israel because there is there are a lot of , uh , decisions have been made have been made and this , uh For example , one of them was , uh , decision number two forty-two and this was about the ha establishing two two countries , one for Israel and another one for Palestine .
Right .
So , if we eh , if United States , Bush , Israel (( told )) th the solution or to , uh , to make the decision , eh , I think this will solve the problem .
The unfortunately what happens right now The for example , which is little bit toward it 's it 's interest .
For example , when there was , uh , like , a decision against Iraq , the United States went directly to Iraq to for , eh , uh , an invasion and for whatever reasons she even was out , uh , putting any attention to the United Nations , uh , like , uh , approval .
She did wha what she want .
But , eh , eh , for Israeli , Palestinian conflict there 's a lot of decisions that has to be applied but until now she did n't put any pressure , eh , toward (( this and )) and I believe this policy has been , uh , this kind of policy , eh , um , eh , became more and more during eh , during , uh , eh , Bush President Bush time .
For example , before , eh , during Clinton , I believe at that time Clinton was trying hard to solve this problem and I believe at that time , if you remember , um , Yasser Arafat and , uh , the prime minister of Israel , his name was Barak , they met together in the White House and they almost came to an agreement to solve this problem and during Clinton , eh , period they had , uh , this (( Oslo )) a eh , agreement .
Most of the big problems between the two parties , they negotiated everything almost and there is there were , like , final steps that have to be solved .
But , uh , I think if there was , like , the , um , the same policy has to be followed after Clinton .
I think everything would finished then the I think United States went to another direction and , eh , they forgot about this problem right now .
Yeah , I g eh , see , I do n't , um , when when policy is set by one by one president towards towards one thing , it 's usually followed through , if there is something to follow through , by the next president in turn .
He is more or less obligated to continue , uh , the process that was already started but I think Bush 's agenda is not towards that right now .
That is not his priority , I do n't think .
Yeah , I think so , yes .
And , eh , uh , although , you know , it 's been a long time that i they have both b both Israel and Palestine , they both need a they both need their own country and - That 's , uh , true because , uh , an eh , y - in the United Nations they have established eh , they made this decision already .
R right , right .
The uh , there , uh there has to be two countries , one of them for Palestine , Right .
and another one for Israeli but , uh , I I I agree a hundred percent , uh , because , eh , i - eh , but to get so involved in it .
I think , the people , uh , the people that are in charge , the eh , the people that run the governments there do need to sit down an and and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that , that - Which is played by U United States .
This is the mediator which , in my opinion , is the one R - who has the power to convince both parties about - Right .
Right .
Um , i they in - it 's a eh , that i that is what is need and un - unfortunately they 've been they 've been trying to get this settled and hashed out for twenty-five , thirty years now .
Yeah .
Uh , Yeah .
i it 's been a long time in coming and anything that 's good is worth waiting for , you know what I mean ? Eh , I mean , that 's what I 've always been told .
And but - NKorea offers to scrap nuke , missile programs but wants big concessions : US by Matthew Lee ATTENTION UPDATES /// WASHINGTON , April 28 ( AFP ) North Korea has offered to scrap its nuclear weapons and missile programs , but only in return for " considerable " diplomatic , political and economic concessions , the United States said Monday .
Secretary of State Colin Powell said the offer was made during three-way talks between US , North Korean and Chinese diplomats last week in Beijing .
At the same meeting Pyongyang confirmed it had nuclear weapons , and threatened to prove it with a " display .
" " The North Koreans acknowledged a number of things that they were doing and , in effect , said that these are now up for further discussion , " he told reporters at the State Department .
" They did put forward a plan that would ultimately deal with their nuclear capability and their missile activities , but they , of course , expect something considerable in return , " Powell said .
" We are studying that plan , we are examining it with our friends and allies , " Powell said , adding that talks were now underway with the South Korean , Japanese , Russian and Australian as well as other governments .
" It was useful to get it all out on the table and see where we go from here , " he said , referring to the April 23 to 25 discussions in Beijing .
Powell gave no indication as to whether Washington would accept the offer , and did not address what Pyongyang was demanding in terms of concesssions .
However other US officials said the North Koreans had presented a lengthy list of demands .
The demands include full normalization of ties with the United States , security guarantees and economic assistance that include oil and other energy considerations .
" They had quite a list of things , " State Department spokesman Richard Boucher told reporters .
Asked specifically about normalization of relations and economic assistance , Boucher replied : " I do n't really quibble with that characterization of the list .
" A senior State Department official said later that the list of demands was so extensive that it defied a " concise description .
" " It basically listed everything they have ever asked for , " the official told reporters on condition of anonymity , identifying oil and energy supplies as demands .
Although the North Korean demands are being looked at , Boucher repeated long-standing US policy that Washington would not be blackmailed or otherwise threatened into buying Pyongyang off .
" We 've made clear we 're not going to pay for elimination of the nuclear weapons programs that never should have begun in the first place , " he said .
Powell acknowledged that North Korea had hinted it could prove it possessed nuclear weapons with some sort of display during the Beijing talks , but maintained that the North Koreans had not used the words " test " or " testing .
" " They said that it is the kind of capability that one can display in one way or another , " he said .
The concessions demanded by Pyongyang were part of a " bold " proposal for addressing the nuclear situation on the Korean peninsula that North Korea presented in Beijing , officials said .
South Korean newspapers reported earlier Monday that the North suggested that Pyongyang and Washington act simultaneously and equally to resolve the six-month-old nuclear crisis .
Boucher ruled out simultaneous steps by both sides , stressing that Washington would not consider such moves until the " verifiable and irreversible termination " of the north 's nuclear programs .
" We ( have ) made clear that once North Korea did that , we could move on or move back to the comprehensive approach to US-North Korea relations that we had talked about before , " he said .
South Korea 's Munhwa Ilbo newspapers and others quoted unnamed South Korean government sources as saying Pyongyang also urged Washington not to hinder its efforts to establish and improve ties with Seoul and Tokyo .
The North 's ruling Workers Party newspaper , Rodong Sinmun , indicated Sunday that North Korea wanted economic and political " rewards " from the United States in return for the elimination of its nuclear program .
Rodong called for a " fair and equal " footing in talks with the United States , blasting Washington for insisting that there would be " no security of the system nor provision of rewards " even if Pyongyang gave up its nuclear program .
It insisted North Korea could do " everything " to defend itself if the United States " legally guarantees no use of arms including nukes " .
2 .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
How many people work there , and what is the hierarchy ? Who works for whom ? What kind of job do you have ? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do .
Do you think your company is well-run ? If not , what could make it better ? Hi , I 'm Suzanne , in Dallas .
Hi , my name is Karim .
Well , hello .
You want to tell me about yourself first , or you you want me to talk first ? I 'm from New I 'm from It 's all right , either or .
Okay , well um I then I guess I can start with me .
Um , I work for a software company .
Okay .
Um in Addison , Texas .
And it 's uh based on um stock recognition .
So it 's stock recognition .
Software has red and green light , tells you which out of the thirty-five thousand stocks out there , which ones to get in and out of .
It 's just the tool you use , and I 'm in the Accounting Department .
We have a thirt - You 're in the what what what department ? Uh , Accounting .
I do the numbers .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , I do .
Uh I I actually do n't do payroll , I do um accounts payable and receivable .
Okay .
And when I started there , in two thousand and two , there were only twenty-three employees , and to date , we have about a hundred and forty .
Mhm .
We had , oh I know , we have boomed .
It 's just really incredible , um and Oh , good .
what else ? Yeah , I love the way it 's ran .
Um I worked we just recently um got bought by our our strategic partner so , whoa , my radio .
I 'm sorry .
Yes , we got uh purchased by our strategic partner , so um Y'all recently got bought ? Oh .
Yeah .
It was just a one man um owner before , and so now , a cor a corporation owns us , but I love it , I mean that 's Oh .
Ho Ho Hold on that 's all I can s huh ? Hold on one second .
Hold Hold on one second .
Hold on one second .
Oh , absolutely , go ahead .
What you say ? Why 're you , why 're you at um um I 'm going to come over here tonight .
I 'm spending the night over here .
All right ? See you later .
It 's so fucking stank yo .
Hello ? I 'm sorry .
Uh n no , you 're fine , you 're fine .
Where are you um located ? I am so sorry .
I 'm in New York .
Oh , are you really ? That is so wild .
I 've talked to so many people in New York .
I have family up there .
What do you do for a living ? Um I 'm a youth counselor .
A youth counselor .
What 's that ? Yeah .
I go um .
In in New York we have a lot of community centers Uh-huh .
for the kids .
For the inner city kids .
Yeah .
And um and that 's what I do I I work for the city .
And uh Oh , wow .
I started there in like uh I 'd say about what was that , I think it was two thousand two .
Summer of two thousand two , yeah .
Yeah .
I started there , and we only had it was only like maybe thirty kids that that came to the to the uh community center .
But now we got seventy-eight .
Oh , wow .
So .
It 's a little more you know , hassle to deal with , but you know , I love kids , you know that 's why I I I stayed with job , you know ? Because I now I 'm so attached Absolutely .
with the kids now .
Well do you uh Yeah we got about we got about I 'd say girl , when I started , it was like four counselors .
Now it 's about eight of us , eight or nine .
Aw .
Yeah .
That 's sweet though .
That 's sweet that you Yeah .
that you 've got a heart and you care that much about children because I mean there 's a lot of them , I 'm sure , that need that need the assistance , or the counseling .
Um Yeah .
Yeah I I if it and eh I know I love the kids because the pay is not all of that good , so you know , but I manage .
I was .
Yeah .
No. Well .
Yeah .
Exactly .
Yeah , that 's why that 's the only thing that I I want to do , because there 's so many kids now that you know with foster kids , their parents are on drugs Oh , gosh .
you know , or their living with their their aunt or their grandmother , you know It 's a lot of kids like And you just guide them ? Why and what do you do exactly , just guide them through that or Yeah .
Exactly we we got uh we got a lot of programs we got like basketball programs for the kids to play basketball , volleyball , um we take them out on a lot of trips , lot of field trips .
We take them out on a lot of field trips and things like that .
Every Wednesday , we go down to the uh River Bank Park .
And you know , they got swimming , indoor swimming , and everything .
Aw .
That 's so sweet of you though .
That 's that 's really neat .
You know , Yeah .
We we we 're um trying to run a uh we 're selling these uh Excuse me .
We 're selling these cookies .
So we could raise raise money , so we could take them to Great Adventure .
Yeah , yeah , do y'all have a website or anything ? No , we do n't .
I wish .
Yeah cause But in fact , you know , we do it on the streets , you know , right in front of the the in front of the community center .
We just stand out there and sell cookies .
Or we 'll do a car wash thing , you know , have it rewarded .
The fire hydrant and stuff .
Or we wash people cars for a dollar or two .
Aw .
That 's cool .
You know .
Just to raise some money .
9 .
Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election ? What did you think of the two candidates , George Bush and John Kerry ? What about the Vice Presidential candidates , Dick Cheney and John Edwards ? What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for ? If you did n't vote , why not ? Hello , my my name is Obo in Ithaca , New York Hi , my na Hey , my name is Ted and I 'm in Jacksonville , Florida .
Oh , nice , sounds like it 's a lot warmer down there .
Oh yeah , sun 's shining , it 's a beautiful day .
Yeah , I guess the elections , ah basically , who did you vote for , and the vice presidential candidates , and why , and I 'll be honest with you Yeah , go ahead .
I did n't vote for either of those .
Oh okay .
I did vote , but I I do n't vote for the main party Uh-huh .
ever , I usually try to stay out of the main party , because I think , and this last election showed that both are very brutal .
It was Um , yeah I think that the , uh election .
Oh , I 'm sorry .
It was a very brutal election .
Yeah , yeah , it 's , yeah , you 're absolutely , yeah , and I 'm sorry , I mean , if you want to add anything I 'm sorry .
No no , go ahead , go ahead .
And , ah It 's , it 's just that Like , I I just , I think that the last fifty years , the government has been mes messed up by both these parties , honestly .
Even maybe before that .
So , I , I usually do third party um , and the way it was working this year was that the Democrats really pushed to get Ralph Nader off the ballot Yeah .
Yeah they did .
in every state , and um I mean , the Republicans sort of tried to play like they were helping him out , but they knew they they did n't really have to because they knew the Democrats were already doing more damage to keep him off the ballot and they were successful , and for a progressive party that was very brutal .
Mhm , it was .
And I was n't really impressed by either of the two vice presidential candidates , I know Dick Cheney seems to be running the show You know ? and , ah I mean , and , and a lot of it has to do and then , I just did n't know much , John Edwards seemed nice , but he just , you know , he was just , he just got elected to the Senate , and , I was n't really familiar too much with hi I mean , I think it 's great that he got into the vice presidential role , but again , it 's the whole parties that I 'm really not really I do n't like their policies .
Well , you kind of hit on some of my sentiments , um , I 'm a fifty-year old black male , and this was my first election that I participated in .
And the reason was was that , ah , I 'm retired Air Force and before , ah , because I was in the military ah , did n't did n't really think that my vote , um , counted one way or the other , that 's that was my thinking .
You know , I had a role to fulfill and regardless of how I voted , uh , I was going to have to fulfill that role .
Um , Yeah .
the , the situation , though , now that I 'm out and , in the civilian sector , um , I find that the economics as far as home is what I 'm most concerned with .
And because of the economic situation , I do n't think that 's being addressed .
Yes , I feel very , very bad in regards to the , ah , nine-eleven tragedy and terrorism and this kind of stuff Mhm .
um , but I think so much attention is being paid to that that as you mentioned , over the past fifty years , the two parties that run the country um , have definitely taken a , um streamlined approach to whatever their agenda may be and not the will of the people .
You said it very well .
I totally , you coul I could n't have said it better .
Now it 's uh and as time goes on , you know , like , ah , what are we , you know , headed for , what are we faced with ? I I I mean , if we do n't start looking inward and start taking care of things at home uh , right now , yeah , we are the biggest power in the world .
I heard a commentary by Rush Limbaugh , ah , the other day , and the comment was made was that there always is going to be a big dog on the street .
And right now I 'm proud to be , ah , you know , behind the big dog , meaning the United States .
If i if if the United States is not the big dog , some power in the world is going to step up and be just that .
We got so many crises and tension uh what do you hot spots in the world , that , uh , instead of getting better , it seems to be growing .
We got , uh , what is it , Iran ? Uh , right behind Iraq there .
And then North Korea , which is , you know , always volatile .
Uh , you know , those situations are not getting any better , you know ? You 're absolutely right , yes .
And as far as You know , I mean , what are we going to do ? We can we cannot police the whole world .
We , we truly cannot .
I would like to make a donation to help the survivors of the tsunami .
I have a lot of skepticism with the Red Cross and a few others based on horror stories I have heard reported in the media .
Because of this I have always shied away from these national organizations and stuck with local groups .
Any thoughts as to where my money would go the furthest .
Appreciate any input .
I 've heard mostly positive things about how the Red Cross is handling their donations , with a very high percentage of the donated funds going directly for relief and not for administrative expenses .
So that is the channel we chose for our own donation .
For what it 's worth to you , here 's some contact information for a few agencies that seem to be highly regarded .
The Habitat for Humanity might be a good one to consider , since their expertise is in building housing , which of course is so beadly needed over there at this time : American Red Cross : Disaster Relief Fund , P.O. Box 37243 , Washington , DC 20013 .
Phone : ( 800 ) 435-7669 Habitat for Humanity International : Asia Tsunami Response Fund , 121 Habitat St. , Americus , GA 31709-3498 .
Phone : ( 800 ) 422-4828 Save the Children : Attn : Asian Earthquake / Tsunami Relief Fund , 54 Wilton Road , Westport , CT 06880 .
Phone : ( 800 ) 728-3843 The Salvation Army : P.O. Box 269 , Alexandria , VA 22313 .
( 800 ) 725-2763. - Best from David in NV Actually more of the money from your donation has a chance of going directly toward its intended purpose than any other charity .
The Red Cross normally deducts 9 % from all deductions for its administratice costs .
It has announced that it will forego the 9 % on donations earmarked for tsunami relief and that 100 % of these funds will go directly toward aid .
9 % in administrative costs would place the Red Cross among charity organizations making the the most efficient use of donated funds .
The figure for most charities is 10-16 % .
I do n't know what negative stories about the Red Cross you have heard .
But nothing is 100 % and no organization of any kind is perfect .
Just because of its size , which dwarfs most other charities , I would assume that the Red Cross may be responsible for proportionately more blunders than most other charitable organizations. ---------------------------- ---------- As tragic as the earthquake and tsunami in South Asia have been , it is truly uplifting to see how so many people have opened their hearts and so generously responded to the call for help toward disaster relief efforts .
Money from private donations has been flowing into charitable relief organizations at an unprecedented rate , in some cases by millions of dollars per hour .
" Tsunami aid " was the fourth most frequently used term used in internet searches last week .
Although the need for help is still continuing , some individual charities have announced that they have already received as much in donations as they can put to use for this effort .
The following announcement was received from MSF " Doctors Without Borders / Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) has received an extraordinary outpouring of support for the people of South Asia and we are extremely grateful .
As you know , it is very important to MSF that we use your contribution as you intend it to be used .
This is why we want to let you know that at this time , MSF estimates that we have received sufficient funds for our currently foreseen emergency response in South Asia .
" I 've read that too unfortunate , because I 've worked with them in Rwanda and was very impressed with the professionalism of their organization .
They also stated that there are lots of places in the world where they continue to work which needs plenty of help too quite an important reminder because other needy areas of the world are getting less donations now .
So they did n't discourage donations to them per se , just not for this specific area .
Of course I realize that most people will want to help where the need for it is the most immediate .
All in all , the statement has confirmed my view that Doctors without Borders ia a very professional operatoin .
Thomas W .
No org is perfect .
Our news system thrives on finding a chinc in the armor of an organisation , a not perfect organisation .
They need ratings and will do anything for it .
IMHO , go with the Red Cross , or any other national organisation .
Just give carefully. if you are going to give assistance then LOOK with suspicion at all they do it is better to keep your $$$ .
All you have done is to buy a difficult time .
Don Strevel , Las Vegas , NV. i ... @ mysecretvegas.com ( autoresponder ) -- Outgoing mail is certified Virus Free .
Checked by AVG anti-virus system ( ) .
Version : 6.0.830 / Virus Database : 565 Release Date : 1/6/2005 04-03-03 02:16:00EST By EDWARD EPSTEIN c.2003 SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE WASHINGTON _ Having punched through severely depleted Republican Guard divisions that formed Baghdad 's outer defensive ring , U.S. Army and Marine forces are likely to pause again to test the Iraqi capital 's inner defenses and waall but evaporated under the weight of the U.S. assault .
Their collapse left the U.S. troops less than 20 miles from Saddam Hussein 's capital .
Bet ` fow Central Command chief Gen. Tommy Franks and his field commanders face a big decision _ whether to rush into the city of 5 million where Hussein 's regime has gathered its most-trusted forces or wait and see if the war can be won without paying the price of street-to-street urban fighting .
`` We are expectingn or at least planning for , a very difficult fight ahead , '' Gen. Stanley McChrystal said at the Pentagon Tuesday .
`` We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it .
'' Instead of an all-out assault , analysts expect the United States to follow the example of British forces outside the southern Iraqi city of Basra .
They are likely to mount small probing patrols into the city to determine the level of Iraqi resistance .
If these patrols meet little opposition , thousands of troops could rush into the city .
If the Iraqis respond forcefully , the Army and Marine units could withdraw and await the 4th Mechanized Infantry Division , which will soon start moving north from Kuwait .
While they wait , the forces would try to determine where Iraqi strong points are within the city and where Hussein might be , if he is still alive .
`` The Basra model will work for a while , at least until you see problems with food and water for civilians in the city , '' said Lawrence Korb , an analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations who was assistant defense secretary under former President Ronald Reagan .
`` Before going in ( with a full assault ) , you have to decide if it 's worth the risks , and ... you have to know who 's there in the way of Iraqi forces and the amount of potential damage to civilians , '' he said .
The administration has said it wants to minimize casualties to Iraqi civilians , which makes the British experience around Basra instructive , the analysts said .
The British have been outside the city of 1.5 million for more than a week .
Thousands of refugees have fled the city , apparently providing information to the British that has led to raids on military and Baath Party sites in the city .
`` The key endgame may be whether the U.S. can parse out the key regime centers of power in Baghdad and attack them without having to fight into the city , or at least locate them well enough to atman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said in his daily war report .
U.S. strategists say that Hussein , if he is still alive and in control of his forces , might like a bloody battle in Baghdad because such fighting could cause heavy U.S. casualties .
His last hope for survival might be that the United States loses its taste for such losses and forces President Bush to negotiate a compromise that would allow Hussein and his family to keep power in Baghdad .
But Michael O'Hanlon of the Brookings Institution in Washington said the apparent collapse of Republican Guard resistance could deprive Hussein of much of the wallop he was counting on in the city .
`` If U.S. forces seriously degrade Iraq 's half-dozen Republican Guard divisions before that final battle , and only have to face perhaps 30,000 Special Republican Guard , fedayeen , and related personnel , the task will not be as hard as it might have been , '' he said .
While two guard divisions have apparently been smashed , there are three others in the Baghdad area .
A sixth remains in northern Iraq .
Cordesman said it seems the guards have been reinforced by units from the regular Iraqi army , which is generally viewed as less reliable .
This shows the Iraqi military 's growing weakness , he said .
`` The Republican Guard has taken a massive hammering at every level and is now scattered and deploying somewhat erratically at the brigade level , '' he said .
The Iraqis still have n't used chemical weapons , even though many experts feared such attacks as the U.S. troops neared Baghdad .
Korb , who 's convinced Hussein has stocks of chemical weapons he never reported to U.N. inspectors , said he would n't be surprised if Hussein tried to use them .
But he also said , `` He may destroy them to embarrass us , '' to show the world he never had such weapons and that Bush invaded for no reason other than aggression .
The U.S. forces zeroing in on Baghdad _ the 1st Marine Division from the east and the Army 's 3rd Mechanized Infantry Division _ are trained in urban warfare .
But in such close-quarters fighting , they would lose much of the technological advantage of their air supremacy , which would have to be curtailed because bombing in a city can cause large civilian casualties .
However , Baghdad from the air looks like Los Angeles _ wide , straight boulevards intersected by side streets in a grid pattern .
`` Our forces would be capable of dealing with it reasonably .
But there would be lots of casualties on all sides , '' Korb said .
GAZA CITY , June 30 ( AFP ) Palestinian security forces returned Monday to the positions they held in the Gaza Strip before the outbreak of the 33-month Palestinian uprising as Israel removed all major checkpoints in the coastal territory , a Palestinian security source said .
Police officers took up their positions across the Gaza Strip , enjoying a freedom of movement they have not known since the intifada exploded in September 2000 , the source said .
" Palestinian police have taken over all the posts and positions they held before September 28 , 2000 .
It is the first time they have had freedom of movement with cars and weapons since the start of the intifada , " the source said .
The move marked a huge step forward in carrying out the US-backed Middle East " roadmap " , which aims to end the months of bloodshed and create a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
Following the withdrawal of Israeli troops from the northern town of Beit Hanoun late Sunday , police took up positions there and in the neighbouring town of Beit Lahiya , he said .
They also deployed along the border with Israel .
The handover is a credibility test for the Palestinian Authority , which must show it means business when it comes to reining in hardline groups plotting attacks on the Jewish state .
In another first in the almost three-year intifada , the Israeli army allowed Palestinians free circulation on the trans-Gaza highway as troops abandoned three major checkpoints across the coastal territory .
Traffic was flowing freely through the Netzarim junction , just south of Gaza City , the Kissufim junction by Deir al-Balah in the central Gaza Strip , and the Guest House junction just south of Deir al-Balah after the army withdrew .
The three military checkpoints on the highway , which runs the entire length of the Gaza Strip , had transformed the trip from north to south , ordinarily a 30-minute ride , into a grinding two or three-hour ordeal and came to symbolise the horrors of occupation .
" Israel has implemented most of the agreement except for a few issues , " the source said , pointing out that Israel had still not removed two military observation posts at the Kissufim junction and the Guest House junction .
Although there was free movement along the trans-Gaza highway , several other roads remained temporarily closed , he said .
The Karni-Netzarim road , which runs east-to-west across the route , was still closed as was the section of the highway passing close by Kfar Darom settlement , just south of the Guest House junction , he said , adding both were likely to be opened in the coming weeks .
Another road , leading from the southern border town of Rafah to Khan Yunis , would be opened within 10 days , he said .
Adressing Palestinian complaints , an Israeli military source confirmed troops had installed a gate at the Netzarim crossing and at the southern Guest House junction but said that they were only there for when Jewish settlers needed to use the road .
A ban on Palestinian men under the age of 35 being allowed to move freely was still in force but that was expected to be lifted later on Monday or early Tuesday .
The army also handed over control of Rafah border crossing between the Gaza Strip and Egypt to the Palestinians , security sources said .
Six Palestinian police officers were allowed to return to the Palestinian section of the border crossing , which had been taken over by Israeli troops shortly after the start of the uprising .
Under the 1993 Oslo accords , which granted a measure of autonomy to the Palestinians , the Rafah border crossing with Egypt was to be jointly managed by both Israel and the Palestinians , although Israel had final control over the zone .
Although the crossing has , in principle , been open for movement between the two territories while being frequently closed by Israeli for reasons rarely explained the Palestinian section has been manned by Israel for more than two years .
11 .
Holiday Traditions : The holiday season is right around the corner .
Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays ? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members ? Are there people you see during the holidays that you do n't see during the rest of the year ? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays ? Where do you go and who do you visit ? Hello .
Hi .
My name 's Carrie .
Hi , I 'm Mildred from West Virginia .
Well , I 'm in Alabama .
I 've been - You 're in Alabama .
I 've been to your lovely state once before , down in the hollers .
Yeah , a long time ago .
Oh , have you ? I have two sisters that lived in Alabama .
Well , is n't it a small world .
Yeah , it is .
One 's in Pell City , one 's in Birmingham .
So .
Well , I know where they 're at , but I 'm not very close to that .
Oh , you 're not ? No , I 'm in the northern part of the state .
Oh .
Oh .
Do you all have a big Christmas at your house ? No , not really .
Yeah .
We - Kind of quiet .
we go to my niece 's house and Yeah .
she cooks for us .
I used to do that and now she 's took over , which I 'm so happy .
Uh , yeah quite a few .
My kids , uh , kids and their kids come , all but one of them .
Yeah .
Yeah .
My son goes to his in-laws , but my two girls will come and Mhm .
Right .
and then some of my sisters .
I have a sister in Ohio , she usually comes in .
Yeah , you all are spread out .
Yeah .
Yeah , we are .
Mm .
When ? W well , there was , uh , seven of us , er , eight of us .
Six of them was seven of them was girls , counting me .
I only had one brother .
Oh my .
Mm mm mm .
So , they are spread out .
Mm mm .
Well , we Christmas Eve is the big day for but not Christmas Eve because we always got together on Christmas Eve .
When I was little , we lived in Wisconsin , Uh-huh .
and then when we moved to Alabama there was n't a lot of family close by. for the holiday and it 's the only holiday that we actually all get together on .
Uh-huh .
- fourth of July , drop of a hat .
So , I told him , I said , you know , if we can squeeze in running by Christmas Eve on the way to my parents ' , fine , but , you know , that 's it .
Anybody can come here Christmas day that wants to .
You know , we do n't my my father-in-law - Ah .
- and then if if he wo n't , you know , eh , sometimes I cook a Christmas dinner , sometimes I do n't .
Just depends if my husband has to work or not , um , depends on what I 'm going to do .
Mm mm mm .
Wha eh , oh .
Well , there 's a lot of us .
So , we get together like - But Yeah .
Right .
- well , my sister usually comes in from Ohio because it 's not that far like two hundred fifty miles or something , and she 'll come in for Thanksgiving .
Right .
Yeah .
And we all eat together which is real nice .
Well , that is go - that 's funny that you said that , two hundred and fifty miles not being far - Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
- and she 's going to have to fly back to Wisconsin , um - Uh-huh .
Mm mm mm .
Eh , that 's not too far to me .
No .
Well , like , Alabama from here , my sister 's is about six hundred miles from me , the one down there .
Now , that 's a long ways to me .
Mhm .
Yeah .
Yeah , that is , uh .
But , uh , two hundred and fifty 's not too bad .
- I went to a place ca - I want to say it was called Stump Town , Mhm .
or something like that , but , Never heard of it .
uh , it was a real small place .
It they w had to go up there about some natural gas rights or something like that .
Uh .
Oh .
But - You was in the country Yeah .
Yeah , you had to cross a little walking , swinging bridge to get to this man 's house , you know .
I did n't like that part .
Oh .
JAKARTA , April 23 ( Xinhua ) The Central Jakarta District Court began Wednesday the trial of Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba' asyir who has been in custody since last October on charges of treason and immigration offenses .
Ba'asyir , 64 , was arrested on preliminary charges of involvement in a series of church bombings on the eve of the 2000 Christmas and an alleged plot to assassinate Megawati Soekarnoputri in 1999 , when she was vice president .
He is also charged with immigration offenses for having a Malaysian citizenship since 1993 .
Seven prosecutors read in turn the indictment against Ba'asyir at the makeshift court room in the Meteorology and Geophysics Agency 's office in Central Jakarta .
The authorities have moved the trial venue for security reasons and to allow wider media coverage .
Ba'asyir was not officially charged with the Bali bombing last October , but police said he gave his blessing to the Bali perpetrators .
Police believed Ba'asyir was the spiritual leader of Jemaah Islamiyah , the terrorist network in Southeast Asia which is widely blamed for the Bali bombing .
According to the Criminal Code , treason is punishable with a possible death penalty .
Ba'asyir has publicly denied any wrongdoing and refused to answer police questioning .
Hi All , We * just * got back into Washington last evening , after our brief 5-day trip to London .
Thanks for all of the responses to my earlier inquiries , I 'm happy to report that everything went pretty well , but both my wife and I are pretty beat / tired .
We got into Heathrow on Monday morning .
At the airport , I got some cash from the Barclays ATM just outside the arrival area , as many have suggested .
FYI , I just checked my bank account , and we got charged a $2.00 fee and the exchange rate was around $1.92 / GPB .
After that , we took the underground into London .
Zone 1-6 all-day pass cost 5.40 GBP each .
That was pretty easy ... the most difficult part was finding the hotel once we finally got off at the final tube station .
The hotel was nice enough to let us check in , even though we were a bit early ( we got in around 12:30 , normal check-in time was 14:30 ) , which we were really grateful for , after dragging our bags for a couple of hours .
After settling into the hotel room ( my wife is an " unpack everything-and-stow it " type of person ) , we went to do a little exploring .
Being that this was a holiday , a lot of the local places were closed ( including restaurants in the hotel ) , but we found a kind of combo newsagent / foodstore nearby , and we picked up a 5 GBP calling card ( for calling home ) and some drinks ( 1.59 GPB for ~ 2 liter Pepsi light , .98 GBP for a ~ 2 liter water ) .
It took us awhile , but we found a restaurant / pub ( White Swan ) that was open .
It seemed like a kind of local place , and the woman that was running the place was very nice .
When we walked in , we stood around waiting to be seated : ) , and she said " this is a pub , sit anywhere , and order at the bar " .
I gathered ( from that and a few visits at other pubs ) that that 's the norm .
Anyway , we had a nice late lunch : fish and chips ( with " mashed peas " ) for me , and a beef pie for my wife .
FYI , this was probably the most reasonable meal that we had during our whole visit .
That night , we walked around the area around the Victoria underground station , because we were suppose to meet up with a tour the next morning .
While there , we found a local Sainsbury ( kind of a small supermarket ) about 2 blocks from the underground station , and stocked up on some cheese , milk , and croissants .
Prices here were a bit cheaper than the local foodstore , and during our trip , I made several trips here : ) .
We were n't sure what we wanted to eat for dinner , so we just wandered around a bit , and finally ended up at a " steakhouse " near the station ... big mistake .
The food , service , and prices were very bad ... I guess we should have figured that one out when 3 other parties walked out AFTER being seated , but unfortunately , we had already ordered , so we felt kind of obligated to finish .
I do n't know if this is the case with all " steakhouses " , but we stayed away from them all after that : ( .
We took an all day bus tour ( Evan Evans ) , including the London Eye .
Took the underground to Victoria , and walked to the Victoria Coach Station ( it 's NOT the same : )) .
I thought that the tour was a pretty good way to get introduced to part of the city .
We got to see a lot in a short time , including extended tours of Westminster ( felt kind of strange walking over dead people ) and the Tower of London ( neat ! ) .
This tour included lunch at another pub near Trafalgar Square ( more beef pies for us ) , and the tour guide was very good , and kind of funny .
It was kind of like travelling with a " grand dad " and he did his best to keep us all together .
At the end of the land tour , we went on ride on one of the Thames cruise boats ( warning , it is FREEZING on the top deck ... ) , and then a ride on the London Eye .
All in all , recommended , but afterwards , both my wife and I agreed that an " all-day " tour was too exhausting ( even on a bus tour , you have to do a LOT of walking especially getting to the Changing of the Guards and at the London Tower ) , and we probably would 've preferred breaking it into 2 1/2 day tours .
We also took one of the hop-on / hop-off bus tours ( the " Original " ) on one of the other day , as we thought it was the easiest way to get around to the places that we wanted to re-visit .
A couple of comments : take the one with the live guide if you can , as it 's much more interesting than the ones with the recorded commentary ( you can ask questions ) .
Also , if you want to get a seat on the top deck , take one of the earlier buses , as at least when we were there , it was impossible to get a seat on top later in the day , and you ca n't see much from the lower ( enclosed ) deck ( but it 's much warmer : ) ! ) .
We had been buying the 2-zone all-day tube passes ( 4.20 GBP each ) everyday , just to get around to dinner and shopping on our own , but by the time this was all over , my wife did n't feel like taking the underground back to Heathrow , so we had asked the hotel conceierge to make a reservation on an airport bus ( 15 GBP each ) , but he instead offered that he could get us a private car direct to the airport for 35 GBP , which is what we did .
This was perfect , because it got us door-to-door from the hotel to LHR Terminal 3 with no hassles at all .
I would n't have done that from LHR to the hotel , but since the concierge was arranging it , I felt that it 'd be safe , and the driver turned out to be pretty nice .
Overall , it was an enjoyable , but really exhausting trip ( we live in the suburbs , so I guess we 're not use to walking everywhere ) .
Luckily this was n't a " shopping " trip , because things are ( at least from Americans ) really expensive .
I think that if I was dealing in GPBs all the time , it would n't seem so bad , but I remember sitting at the ice cream ( " gelato " ? ) counter at Harrods , and watching two little kids , each eating some sundaes that cost 15 GPB each ( $ 30.00 ) , and thinking " wow ! ". Jim Oh dear ! Spot the Americans ! : o ) Angus Steakhouse by any chance ? I have never heard anything but bad stuff about them .
They are not British in the food sense , that 's for sure .
Pub food is usually a good bet in the UK .
That 's a Europe thing .
The cities invariably involve a lot of walking , and this is seen as a pleasure , not a task .
4 .
Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he 's been convicted of ? If so , what were his motives ? How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial ? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive ? Hi .
Hi .
I 'm Christina from Connecticut .
I 'm Greg from Columbus , Ohio .
Oh , okay .
Ooh , Scott Peterson .
I was like , I got to talk to someone about this .
I have to voice my opinion .
Well , no , I mean you could go or , well Uh , I Okay , go ahead .
Hey shoot , you got more sense than I do .
Okay , I have been following the trial , I do n't know why , ever since this whole thing happened .
I am a stay at home mom , so I get to watch the ~ TV more often , and I you know have been fo watching all these forensic pathologists , Dr. Henry Lee .
You know , and and what I see is that there is no physical evidence that he did it .
And yeah , it sounds like he did do it because he dyed his hair , was trying to get away , and the anchor and a boat .
But there 's I for some reason , deep down in my heart , do n't believe he did it .
And you know and I think the media made him guilty , and I think it 's like you know , I mean you saw what happened outside the courtroom , I do n't know if you did or not , see how they were cheering on .
I do n't think he 's guilty and , I hope he does n't get the death penalty .
And I do n't know .
I I just do n't think he 's guilty .
I think he 's wrong , what he did , everything , he cheated on his wife , that 's so wrong , but that does n't make him a murderer , he 's just a cheater , he 's just a you know , like one hundred ten percent you know eighteen karat asshole , like i Mar Mark Geragos called him .
Yeah .
How about you ? You probably think he 's guilty , or Well Yeah , no I , I think , I think (( the guy 's )) definitely guilty uh Just based on , I have n't followed it all that closely , although you ca n't help but follow it closely because there 's so much crap on the news .
Mhm .
But uh no i the uh the I think well first of all , you know I agree with you , I think cheating on your wife 's pretty low .
But I think what happened i it 's living the b uh living large .
You could tell both of them uh you look some of the things they had , you know , he had a few bucks or so .
(( )) finish , things were getting him down , uh you know , you know how it is , day after day though M marriage is n't all that wonderful .
Right .
Eh , you know and I do n't think he had faced that , and plus , you know , a lot of the neat stuff from the outside , and particularly Amber Frey , who I do n't particularly think is neat , but it was something that uh you know he went after Mhm .
and so uh he figured , well these will , these things would get rid of her I guess .
I do n't , I do n't know why like his uh , the wife 's or the mother said divorce is an option I think .
Yeah .
I know , that 's very powerful .
Not , you know , not murder and , oh , I mean , I do n't know .
But you know , I I can see , the guy was n't thinking right .
He was screwed up , you know , a despicable human being and he , just You know , the easy way out .
This 'll work , I guarantee I 'm too damn smart .
But you know what , it 's like I think they did n't want to find him guilty because remember when ~ OJ was not found guilty ? I mean , oh my God , the , you know , but it 's like , ~ LA would have like , turned ~ LA upside down , like all the , you know Yeah .
I it just , I do n't know what would happen if he was found guilty , but now I think they said that they wanted to prove that you know , okay , we 're not going to let this guy walk , like , do n't let this guy walk either , big high profile case .
Well , yeah you have to look , see , I think the locale , that both of them took place , and one took place in ~ LA , which is terribly open minded and , uh , the other one took place in uh , Mida well , uh (( Redoak )) City .
Mhm .
Redwood City , yeah .
And who , Redwood City is one of those things that would , uh shift San Francisco and ~ LA to , uh , to a red state rather than a blue state if you let them .
It 's very , very conservative there .
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia ( AP ) Malaysia 's second highest court on Friday rejected an appeal by jailed former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim against his conviction and nine-year prison sentence for sodomy .
A three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals unanimously upheld a verdict by High Court Judge Arifin Jaka nearly three years ago that found Anwar guilty of sodomizing his wife 's former driver .
Sodomy is a crime in this predominantly Muslim Southeast Asian country .
Anwar is expected to appeal again with the Federal Court , Malaysia 's highest court .
Speaking to reporters after the verdict , Anwar lambasted the judges , saying they had been `` preselected '' by the government to quash his appeal .
`` These are spineless judges , '' Anwar said .
`` This decision is all scripted .
'' The judges also rejected an application by Anwar to be released on bail .
But Anwar 's lawyers said they were filing a fresh request for bail pending a further appeal .
On Monday , Anwar completed his sentence for a separate conviction on corruption charges , after the six-year sentence was reduced by one-third for good behavior .
He then began serving the nine-year prison sentence for sodomy , his lawyers said .
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad fired Anwar , his former protege , in 1998 following disputes over financial policy .
Anwar led large protests against Mahathir before he was arrested , charged and convicted on corruption and sodomy charges .
Anwar claims the charges were fabricated to keep him from challenging Mahathir for power .
The government denies this .
Human rights group Amnesty International said Friday 's verdict `` represents another step in the further deterioration in the human rights situation in the country .
'' `` This decision adds to the already widespread perception that in politically sensitive cases , the independence of the judiciary can no longer be guaranteed , '' the London-based group said in a statement .
`` Today , the situation looks much bleaker .
'' Param Cumaraswamy , the U.N. special investigator on the freedom of judges and lawyers , said in a statement : `` So long as there are judges who are prepared to and continue to compromise the value and principles of their high office ... there is no hope for judicial independence and impartiality in the Malaysian justice system .
'' About 200 demonstrators outside the court shouted Anwar 's slogan of `` Reformasi ! '' for political change .
Police armed with automatic weapons stood by to prevent rowdiness .
The court also dismissed a joint appeal by Anwar 's adopted brother , Sukma Darmawan , who was convicted together with Anwar for sodomy in August 2000 and sentenced to six years in jail and whipping .
Sukma has been free on bail pending appeal , but the judges on Friday ordered him to begin his sentence .
a defense attorney calls it his worst nightmare .
A convicted murderer is released from prison before serving his full sentence and then a nightmare becomes reality .
It happened last week .
Michael Sears was determined to prove he was no longer a threat .
His psychiatrist backed him up .
Serious was serving a 30-year sentence for the self-confessed 1992 killing of his wife in Clinton , Maryland , but after a relentless campaign that included a letter from his psychiatrist saying serious was unlikely to commit such violence again , the judge in this case , got him released .
He served less than nine years .
Maryland is the only state that allows unchecked judicial reconsideration , allowing judges to reduce prison terms at any time after sentencing .
Those favoring the rule say it gives convicts incentive to behave in prison and enables judges to release prisoners if new evidence comes to light .
At some point after his release , Michael Serious befriended a woman named Darlene Williamson .
Last week Williamson , a mother of four , was found stabbed to death at a condominium in Greenbelt , Maryland .
The official resident of that Condo , the man now charged with her murder , Michael Serious .
Today the judge in the case retired Prince Georges County Circuit Court judge issued a statement to the news media .
He called the case and I 'm quoting now , a judge 's worst nightmare , but he noted that Maryland Parole Boards and the facility where Michael Serious was held , the institution made what the judge called the final decision on whether to release serious .
The psychiatrist , by the way , who wrote a letter on Michael Serious ' behalf , Neil Blumberg had a two-word response in an article in the Washington Post .
My goodness , he was pretty surprised .
Serious ' defense attorney who persuaded the judge reduce the sentence , told the Post and I 'm quoting , I 'm very saddened .
It makes me sick as a defense attorney .
As a defense attorney it 's your worst nightmare .
Let 's get perspective on this shocking case .
Glen I'vey is the Prince Georges County , Maryland , state attorney .
It does n't get more shocking than this .
How could this happen ? 5 .
Death of Arafat ( 1 ) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week .
Do you think Arafat 's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process ? Was Arafat a good leader ? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died ? What , if anything , should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process ? I 'm Barb from Indiana .
Okay , I 'm Roger from , um , Atlanta .
Hi .
So , what do you think about Arafat ? Was he a h - Uh , I think that , um , I bet he was n't a really good leader .
I think that , um , that his situation well , see I got to the to to the level of power that he was in back in the eighties and once he , um , you know , started getting wealthy and started getting known , that his agenda ch uh , changed Mhm .
but it was n't actually for peace but was to try to find a way to (( send )) the Israelis out of Jerusalem in the areas that they wanted .
I really do n't think that they wanted to coexist .
I think that , um , he wanted you know , all his people all his people wanted to coexist with the Israelis .
I think that , um , his death marks a beginning of trying to find somebody that really wants peace .
I do n't think that in that area of the , um , world that you could actually have peace .
If you know the Bible well you would know that there 's always going to be a conflict there .
Um , I think that , uh , the United States should open up their doors to not help , but support any , um , process for peace in the area , though .
I do n't think that we should get involved to a level , a point where we 're sending people over there and , um , trying to help keep the peace or anything like that , um .
There 's a lot of stuff that can be done by just verbal suppo you know .
I think that now he 's gone , his family is still around , and Yeah .
uh , millions and millions of dollars that he had is still around but they if they bring people in that was n't involved with his cabinet , n um , have different views than him , somebody that gener genuinely can accept the fact that the Israel Is Israelis are there and they 're there to stay and , um , we going to have to find a way to coexist .
If they can find somebody like that , then I think that they should f support him and , um , and back him up in trying to help define peace in the area where peace is impossible .
What do you think about it ? I agree with you .
I did n't know that much about it , I was n't much into politics back in the eighties .
I was more , um , kind of a I was a kid on the run from abusive parents back then so that was n't a , you know , one of my topics of interest at the time , it is now .
Um , I my roommate , and I still do n't know that much about I 'd love to know more about politics and I 'm trying to learn more , uh , tells me , you know , he was such a terrible man but , eh , I do n't listen to everything he says .
And I think it I mean , it would be nice to have peace over there , but I agree with you , I do n't think it 's ever going to happen .
I mean , not the way not the way they 'll not like it is here .
And I agree that we should n't send people over there .
We 've got enough stuff going on with Yeah .
Iraq and I and , um , the other the other guy .
Yeah .
We got way too much going and too much expense , I mean , we we ca n't , the that 's Yeah .
that would be just putting it over the edge right there .
But I think ought support , you know , a man that , Mhm .
like you said , is would like to coexist with everybody and somebody that is Yeah .
peaceful and , I do n't know , I 'd like to learn more about the Bible .
My parents never took me to church or anything .
But , um , Yeah .
I 'd like to I know that , you know , there 's been problems , a lot of conflict over there , and it seems like no matter what , Ah .
just like Iraq ye eh , we try to go in and get peace and and how long has it been and , I mean , I think Saddam needed to be removed but it 's there 's just s all these people that are going to follow him no matter what .
Yeah , and , um , I only know about Yasser Arafat because I , um , study international affairs a little bit and I know a very little bit about him because , of course he was a , um , leader for a long time , longer than the age that I am old , so , but I I I I 've noticed on throughout my studies that what he represented to the public was what he represented to the international public was not what he was representing to his people and he was representing , um , peace with the Israelis and he was representing trying to find (( the whites or )) divide the land so that it would be , um , stop , um , uh , war and terrorists in the area .
But I do n't think that he had the same image to to his people .
I think that it was a front for him to allow to to be accepted in an international community , but I think that his ultimate plans and goals were to to run the Israelis out maybe closer to the Gaza strip , and to re-take Jerusalem and other cities near Jerusalem , and to , uh , uplift his people in a way that they could say , you know , we conquered the Israelis .
It 's a matter of , uh I mean , it 's more than just land , it 's a , um , conflict of of , um , hatred , uh , and racism , I mean , eh , different types of people , um , they do n't like each other , Yeah .
WASHINGTON , June 10 ( Xinhua ) Sam Waksal , founder of the US pharmaceutical company ImClone Systems was sentenced to 87 months in prison Tuesday for insider trading .
Waksal was also ordered to pay more than 4 million dollars in fines and back taxes .
This order came after about two hours ' legal proceedings at the Manhattan courthouse in New York , according to a TV report .
Before the sentence , there had been speculations among analysts on whether Waksal would get leniency because his company has been working on researches of cancer drugs , a good endeavor in the eyes of many people .
ImClone 's Erbitux drug has been recently accepted to be effective in helping cancer patients .
But the order just released from the courthouse in New York has obviously separated Waksal 's good efforts in making new drugs from his legal problems .
Amid the financial storms last year and the ensuing cracking down on corporate malfeasance , Waksal pleaded guilty in October to charges involving his efforts to sell a huge block of his company' s stock in late 2001 .
The attempt to sell the shares were just before ImClone shares plunged on the news that the Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's application to sell the experimental cancer drug , Erbitux .
This incident then triggered legal investigations , which also included the case of a US media and domestic design diva , Martha Stewart .
Just what the world needs this week ... more Palestinian instability ! On Fri , 5 Nov 2004 11:20:13 + 1000 in alt.atheism , " Clayton ... Rapidly Drying Oasis In A Worldwide Desert Of Insanity " ( c ... @ SPAMBLOCKphonyemail.com) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall : ... which is still greater than the chance that the U.S. will ever come to its senses .
Would n't it be something if these formerly " militant extremist " Muslim regiemes became more liberal while the U.S. became ... ah ... never mind .
L8r , Uncle Dollar Bill " Opinions are like people every asshole has one ... " On 04 Nov 2004 , Daniel Kolle dropped trou , farted , whirled , then shouted : Cancer is not a happy thing .
Stomach cancer 's got to hurt like hell .
I wonder what Allah was thinking when he allowed that .
My husband 's uncle died of it about a year before we got married .
It was awful : ( ------- Robyn Resident Witchypoo # 1557 I have always wondered if cancer would hurt or not .
I take it that it does .
On 5 Nov 2004 09:28:46 0800 , DKo ... @ hotmail.com ( Daniel Kolle ) wrote : I watched two uncles die of lung cancer ( which gave me the impetus to give up smoking for good ) , and a close friend die of melanoma .
It 's not a death I would wish on my worst enemy .
On 5 Nov 2004 09:28:46 0800 in alt.atheism , DKo ... @ hotmail.com ( Daniel Kolle ) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall : Consider yourself lucky that you had to wonder about it .
I became familiar with _that_ issue at a very young age .
And many times thereafter .
To say that it " hurts like hell " is an understatement , at least the kinds my family had been prone to .
When you see the woman who raised you sucking desperately on a dropper of liquid morphine like it were her own mother 's teat , you 're just never quite the same .
The " woman who raised me " was n't actually my mother , but my grandmother , btw .
L8r , Uncle Dollar Bill " Opinions are like people every asshole has one ... " On Fri , 05 Nov 2004 05:30:37 GMT the ET form known as Uncle Dollar Bill ( UncleDollarB ... @ SpamMeNot .com ) sent a radio signal across the vast expanse of deep space ._. -- ._. -- ._. -- ._. -- ._. -- ._ .
There was the free press in Qatar , al Jeezera but its ' offices in Kabul and Baghdad were bombed by Americans .
Only one thing the neocons hate more than despotism in the middle east and that is freedom of the press in the middle east. epicurus1 * at * optusnet * dot * com * dot * au apatriot # 1 , atheist # 1417 , Chief EAC prophet Apatriotism Yahoo Group " Properly read , the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived .
" Isaac Asimov Might just be conspiracy stuff but OTOH Mossad does have a reputation for highly effective operations .
I do n't think it is likely but I would not be surprised either .
On Sat , 6 Nov 2004 16:41:52 + 1030 in alt.atheism , Meteorite Debris ( Meteorite Debris ( a ... @ yahoo.com)) said , directing the reply to alt.atheism Anyone remember Georgi Markov ? " Do Unto Others As You Would Have Them Do Unto You .
" Attrib : Pauline Reage .
Inexpensive VHS & amp ; other video to CD / DVD conversion ? See : ( ) .
35.00 gets your video on DVD. all posts to this email address are automatically deleted without being read. ** atheist poster child # 1 ** # 442 .
The Palestinians want land to live on , while Sharon wants no Palestinians living on the land .
When the world finally grows the balls to criticize Israeli terrorism , we 'll see peace .
But as long as " criticism is anti-semitism " is the mentality , do n't act surprised that the Palestinians object to the Lebensraum ( a / k / a settlements ) and Israeli terrorism ( bombings , shooting farmers in their fields , bulldozing crops , destroying schools , shooting children , etc. etc. etc.) .
George Carlin said it best : " Let 's not have a double standard , one standard will do just fine .
" Apply the same standards to Israel that we apply to the Palestinians .
Bob Dog On Sat , 6 Nov 2004 16:41:52 + 1030 , Meteorite Debris ( a ... @ yahoo.com) wrote : I think more likely , one of his palestinian rivals did it .
If the israelis wanted to kill Arafat , I think they 'd have better ways .
Unless of course they wanted it to be succinct so they could n't be blamed .
But one thing that 's sure about the palestinians is that no matter what happens , you can be sure they 'll blame it on Israel .
On 6 Nov 2004 04:25:09 0800 , bg12 ... @ apexmail.com ( Bob Dog ) wrote : I guess the fact that you live in the US has skewed your view .
Bill after bill of condemnation have passed in the United Nations by overwhelming majority .
Regular as clockwork , the US vetos them .
Demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world .
Israel 's only friend in the world is the United States .
Here in 'the rest of the world' it 's the other way around .
When you 're a muslim you 're untouchable , when you 're israeli , you 're fair game .
When in it 's 60 year long history has Israel ever stepped up the conflict , or cast the first stone ? Everyone has the right to defend themselves .
Even jews .
You are looking at live pictures of the White House where President Bush watched some of the television coverage of events in Baghdad today .
Separately , Vice President Cheney shared his thoughts in a speech in New Orleans .
With me now for more on all this , CNN 's senior White House correspondent John King .
John , they have to be happy there .
Judy , they are .
Behind the scenes privately here you get a palpable sense of vindication , although publicly caution is the watchword here , administration officials from the vice president on down saying the war is not over yet .
Some of the toughest fighting could still be ahead .
Mostly they believe in those northern Iraq areas Brent Sadler was just talking about before the break .
But they do believe the pictures out of Baghdad today , on the one hand , send as powerful a message as you can send to the people in the Arab world who have criticized this war .
People in Baghdad celebrating .
U.S. troops assisting in pulling down that statue of Saddam Hussein .
Across the Arab world , the administration hopes to send a signal that the United States is there to help the Iraqi people regain control of their own country , as a liberty , not as any imperial or occupying force .
Of course , at the same time , though , the White House worries that the American people might see these pictures and think the war is over .
Defense Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice President Cheney among those saying the toughest fighting might still lie ahead , still unanswered questions about the whereabouts of Saddam Hussein and other key members of the Iraqi leadership .
The vice president made that argument today .
But even as he sounds that note of caution , you do sense a little tiny bit of we told you so .
Bottom line , with less than half of the ground forces and two-thirds of the air assets used 12 years ago in Desert Storm , Secretary Rumsfeld and General Franks have achieved a far more difficult objective .
Yet until this war is fully won , we cannot be overconfident in our position .
And we must not underestimate the desperation of whatever forces remain loyal to the dictator .
We will not hear from the president today , we are told , but before the week is out and perhaps as early as tomorrow officials say the president is likely to offer his thoughts on the challenges just ahead .
So , again , behind the scenes , a sense of vindication , but also a cautious attitude because of the fighting still to come .
I have to tell you , though , Judy , the CIA Director George Tenet walked out of the White House a short time ago with a giant smile on his face .
I cannot recall a moment since September 11 , 2001 and those tragic events when we have seen the CIA director look so happy .
Well , John , given all that you 've said , we know that there 's an American retired general waiting in Kuwait .
But in addition to that , what steps are they already taking at the White House to plan for a post-Saddam Hussein government in Iraq ? They are planning to accelerate that planning process .
Jay Garner the retired general will go into Iraq soon with his troops soon .
I say troops .
They are civilians from the U.S. government .
That will take place soon .
They are awaiting for word from the Pentagon that it believes the security environment is secure enough for that to happen .
And beginning as early as next week , there will be a series of town meetings , if you will .
The invitations will be issued by General Tommy Franks .
They are trying to identify Iraqis from within the country , as well as Iraqi dissidents and exiles , the diaspora they call it here at the White House , who will be part of a planning process to begin the process they say it could takes weeks or more of selecting who should be part of that interim Iraqi authority .
Now , we know , one person who will be invited is planning process , those planning meetings , is Ahmed Chalabi .
He is the leader of the Iraqi National Congress .
He is known to be a favorite of Vice President Dick Cheney , of Defense Secretary Rumsfeld and Secretary Rumsfeld 's top deputy , Paul Wolfowitz .
He will be involved in the planning and in those meetings .
But I also should report that there is a sense of annoyance here at the White House , even among some of Mr. Chalabi 's top supporters , that , since returning to Iraq in recent days , he has complained frequently , including on our air earlier today , that the United States is moving too slowly to get in the reconstruction efforts , to restore electricity and restore water .
Over at the Pentagon today , Defense Secretary Rumsfeld , again , a supporter of Mr. Chalabi , said that , in his view , services were already at their prewar levels .
And Mr. Rumsfeld went on to say , Secretary Rumsfeld went on to say , there is still a war going on , still quite a dangerous situation Judy .
Yes , we caught some of that irritation in his choice .
All right , John King , our senior White House correspondent , thank you .
Still to come : warfare amid the celebrations in Baghdad .
As Iraqis poured into the streets to mark their apparent new freedom , American troops come under fire from a different area .
CNN 's Martin Savidge will show us what they came up against at Baghdad University .
good evening .
Coalition forces in Baghdad have arrested the Palestinian terrorist who led the hijacking of the Italian cruise ship the Achille Lauro in 1985 .
During that hijacking the terrorists shot and killed a disabled American , Leon Klinghoffer , as he sat in his wheelchair .
They threw his body overboard .
National Security correspondent David ensor joins US live from Washington .
David ? 4 .
Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he 's been convicted of ? If so , what were his motives ? How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial ? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive ? Hi .
I 'm Alithia .
Um , uh , Scott Peterson trial .
(( Did you - )) Ah .
The only reason I I , uh , actually picked to do this one is I lived in Redwood City , so .
Redwood , where 's that ? Um , it 's northern California .
Oh .
Where the trial 's at .
And the trial 's there .
Yes .
Oh , you pick your own you pick your own topic ? Mm .
No , I just picked it .
They just called me and I 'm like I heard Scott Peterson and I 'm like , yeah , I know what the question 's going to be about .
Yeah , I heard something about it .
I do n't know .
I I do n't know if he 's if he 's guilty or not .
What do you think ? I think so .
I think he got into an argument with her and he pushed her .
And I think she fell and maybe she hit her head or something and it killed her , so he panicked .
What about the baby ? I do n't think he you know , I thi I do n't know .
I don eh , you know , because th well , with the baby and stuff , you know , she was still pregnant at that time , so .
Oh .
You never know .
Yeah , because I was really I was n't really following it that much because I was - Yeah .
but (( but I 'd love to have his hair )) something just came off the ~ TV about the Scott trial .
Yeah .
Where are you at ? I 'm in South Carolina .
Oh , okay .
Yeah .
I live in Redwood City , which they actually moved the trial here a couple months into it .
Um , from Modesto , California .
Oh .
Where he had committed the murders , so .
Okay .
Yeah , we 're a pretty small town , so our newspaper covers it a lot .
Still do , I 'm kind of sick of hearing about him , but e hopefully this 'll be the end of it .
Yeah .
Once they sentence him (( I bet )) .
Yeah .
Hopefully , you know , if he 's guilty hopefully , you know , they find him guilty and hopefully they have evidence , you know .
Do you know if they have , like , evidence and , Yeah .
you know , against him or whatever ? There was so much evidence , you know , it 's a lot of it could n't be used , a lot of it was used in that , you know , what they used against him .
How would did they , like , found , like , eh , you know , fingerprints or whatever ? Um , no .
Um , they brought the boat down , or a duplicate of the boat to , kind of , you know , get a feel for it but they had to remove it from Redwood City because people were putting flowers in it in memory of Laci and , you know , planting flowers around it and stuff , so it was pretty interesting .
Oh , yeah , that 's cool .
Eh , did you all did you all know her , or ? But I What ? Did you all know Laci , or ? Um , a friend of mine 's sister used to work in a maternity wear store and Laci Peterson , the day before she disappeared , was in her store maternity shopping .
Oh .
So , yeah , it was my friend 's sister who lives in Modesto .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , so , it kind of hit close to home with her , she 's just you know , because she kind of felt like she knew her and Right .
Yeah , I think it 's very sad , you know , just hearing about it .
Yeah , it 's it 's a whole long process .
They 've been at this for almost three years , so .
Three years ? Yeah , it 's almost been three years .
Oh , I thought it was just getting on ~ TV over here .
No. Yeah , it might be over there , but it 's been on here for a long time .
So , it must 've just went local and then then went national Oh .
You know , we 're close to the trial so of course it 's going to be in the newspaper every single day .
So , it 's , you know , and the trial , the , um , what is it called , the verdict , was actually read by audio over the ~ TV .
So it it 's pretty (( depressing )) Mhm .
Is this the case that 's trying to , um , uh , they 're trying to to get a new juror ? Mm , Is that is that the one where somebody called a news - they 're trying to get a what ? a new * jural a new dir They did ? Oh , they already did .
Yes , a long time ago .
Because somebody had called the news people .
Yep .
They already did , a long time ago , um , actually a couple days before the verdict was was put on .
Oh really ? Yes .
Because that 's what they 're still talking about he in these papers here .
Yeah , they did that a while back .
Oh my goodness .
So , it 's now getting wind to your area .
So we 're this we 're so late over here .
You know , we get pretty much the information (( hey , it 's mom and , )) hold on .
Okay .
AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) Jordanian authorities on Monday said Jordan 's first female lawmaker was ineligible to run in June 17 parliamentary elections following her conviction last year over publishing information that harmed the government 's reputation .
Toujan Faisal , 54 , said she was informed of the refusal by an Interior Ministry committee overseeing election preparations .
`` The excuse is invalid because I 've been convicted on political not criminal grounds , which does n't violate my right for contesting the elections , '' Faisal told The Associated Press .
Faisal was convicted in May 2002 for publishing false and exaggerated information abroad that harmed the government 's reputation and dignity .
She was sentenced to 1 { years in jail .
But after spending 40 days in prison , Jordan 's King Abdullah II pardoned the former legislator known for her harsh criticism of the state .
Jordan 's electoral law bans Jordanians from contesting the polls if they were convicted of any crime , except political , and sentenced to more than one year in jail .
Government officials were not immediately available for comment .
During Faisal 's 1993-97 stint in parliament , she became known as a fierce critic of the government and Muslim extremists and a champion of liberal views in conservative Jordan .
She lost her seat in the 1997 election. snm-jjh / pg power being restored on a rolling basis throughout Baghdad today .
The city went dark two weeks ago leaving people without electricity or the ability to cook or keep food from spoiling .
Engineers have managed to restart two substations and six diesel plants and also need that to help the hospitals get online as well .
its all politics north korea got J and A in its hand. the usa got a pair of Ks .
The flop on the table is Q , A , 10 , .... the turn might be a Jack for the USA the river might be a Ace for North Korea. it 's your world not mine. beautiful.. condolezza rice got what she 's been cookin about. bush got what he 's asking for. karl rove got what he wish. the democrates are a bunch of cowards. and the hmong well i dont know .
... and the hmong sits and watch from the sideline while KIM II and BUSH jr. kill each other ... Now wouldn ; t that be a scene to view ? LOL Dai , Good analysis ! I guess the Hmong get NOTHING .
Jim , to me it does n't matter , because the Hmong could not level themselves evenly .
Jim , The Hmong will not be sitting and watching from the sideline .
America has positioned its pieces on the chess board of global domination very carefully .
Here are the options : 1 .
The US will use Hmong American sentiments against LPDR as the starting point for a regime change in Laos .
However , Laos is not the goal ; checkmate is the fall of China , and economic control of China .
The US will support one or two Hmong individuals to speak out against LPDR human rights violation and Chao Fa resistance fighters .
With a precedant set in Iraq for preemptive attacks , Laos will be taken overnight and become a source of invaluable logistics for U.S. military attacks on China .
2 .
The US 's policy of handing out NTR will have the desired effect of reeling in alliances from the surrounding countries of China .
Laos already has NTR .
We shall wait and see if Chinese fat or American fat taste better to LPDR .
If LPDR plays ball with Uncle Sam , then there will be no bloodshed in Laos .
When the Americans get into Laos , the artificial cooperation will be sufficient for some strategic political changes .
Some Hmong Americans may be reintroduced to Laos .
Some Hmong in Laos , namely , Chao Fa , will be a good source of intelligence on Lao-China border activities .
This will be Chao Fa 's chance to replace their diet of tree roots with rice and fish .
Again , America has LPDR under its control , and America can launch airstrikes and ground units from Laos .
3 .
Regardless of what happens , the U.S. has a direct ethnic connection to China by way of Hmong , which will secure CIA-insurgency operations .
Unlike the current situation in the Middle-East , where the number of Arabic-speaking CIA agents are few , there will be plenty of Hmong / Chinese-speaking CIA agents for disposal and use in the looming Sino-US war .
Perhaps by route of Thailand , if LPDR does not cooperate , the US will incite insurrection in the southern provinces of China .
These provinces have a lot of Hmong people , and have been known to be the fiercest opposition to Chinese rule ( aka Remember the Miao Rebellions ? ) .
This will be the Hmong 's God-given chance to fight for their own country .
Let 's see if they ( and we ) agree to a coaltion government like the Kurds in Iraq .
Those are just 3 options .
They all involve Hmong people .
Read between the lines , the war will not be between the US and North Korea .
China is using North Korea to escalate Sino-US relations and test Uncle Sam 's temper .
I sure hope I am not sitting and watching when this all goes down .
This is the perfect opportunity .
As Hmong people say , " Water runs strongly , engine sounds good .
" Zhen , i thought that you are an expert of fixing things ... LOL ! now , you are expert of preemptive strike ... LOL ! Nuked is a key element to have a vote in this current day. it will make more stable and balance of the world that we live in because no one can deter the others. and , no country will have absolute power and authority ....... cuz the deter of Nuked .... to wide out world wide .................... WW3 with Nuked , could dry and free some new dry sand land for Hmong men as Zhen 's wishful dream ... hahhahah ! Born2beHmong in northern Iraq , U.S. warplanes hit targets including a ridge east of Mosul , where Iraqi troops have been entrenched .
Two f-14 Tomcats struck the targets , the same area was a site of heavy bombing yesterday .
After today 's air strikes , 13 Iraqi soldiers abandoned their posts and surrendered to Kurdish fighters .
TOKYO , March 30 ( AFP ) Some 2,500 mainly university students formed a human chain in Japanese characters spelling out " No War " in Osaka on Sunday to protest against the ongoing US-led military campaign in Iraq .
" We cannot forgive this war , " Miyako Fuji , 20 , one of the rally 's organisers told Jiji news agency .
" I want to join together the feelings of each of us as individuals who oppose the war .
" Protesters , who exceeded the 2,000 expected to show up at the park at Osaka Castle in the city 's downtown neighbourhood , carried placards that read " Stop war " and " Love and Peace " while forming the human chain after 3:00 pm ( 0600 GMT ) , Jiji said .
The protest follows a string of others involving tens of thousands of peace activists across Japan since January .
According to a poll by Kyodo news agency released Saturday , 78 of 100 people surveyed opposed the military action in Iraq .
A separate poll of 1,846 adults by the leading Yomiuri newspaper published Tuesday showed 64 percent felt Japan had " no choice " but to back the United States , with only 12 percent saying Japan had " every reason " to back the war .
That 's CNN 's Karl Penhaul with the very latest from the battlefront .
Let 's get an update now on casualties on Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Military officials say 39 Americans have been killed in combat , 9 more by friendly fire or an accident .
Britain reports 6 of its troops have been killed by combat , 19 more in nonhostile action and 2 deaths have not been classified .
Iraq does not report on its military casualties , but Iraqi officials say 420 civilians have been killed and about 4,000 injured .
U.S. Central Command says 4,500 Iraqis have been taken prisoner .
Seven Americans remain prisoners of war in Iraq and 15 Americans are listed as missing in action .
One less than yesterday after that dramatic rescue of Private First Class Jessica Lynch .
Judy , in the next hour , on our special " WOLF BLITZER REPORTS , " I 'm going to be speaking live to her older brother who is in the Army , her younger sister who wants to be in the Army , just around the same time as Jessica is going to be arriving at Ramstein , the air base in Germany for some serious medical treatment .
That 's all coming up on our special edition of " WOLF BLITZER REPORTS " at the top of the hour .
Judy , back to you .
All right , Wolf , and we will be watching .
Thanks very much .
Well , at the Pentagon briefing this afternoon , officials describing several units of the Republican Guard as effectively no longer being a credible fighting force .
Let 's get the very latest from the Pentagon for the overall war picture as they see it .
Our Jamie McIntyre our senior military affairs correspondent is with us now .
Hello , again , Jamie .
Well Judy , the Pentagon is beginning to see positive signs that it had n't seen for awhile .
First of all , as we saw just a few moments ago on CNN , the pictures of some of the actual happy Iraqi citizens welcoming U.S. troops , that taking place in Najaf .
Also the Pentagon is seeing lighter than expected resistance indicating at least that they may have really seriously degraded those Republican Guard divisions before the U.S. troops arrived , both in Karbala and also in Al Kut .
They met lighter than expected resistance .
But the Pentagon officials stress that as they close in on Baghdad , this becomes the real dangerous part as they enter that so called red zone where Saddam Hussein is believed to have given his commanders authority to use chemical weapons , and that use of chemical weapons remains a real fear at the Pentagon .
We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it in a coup de mains , or anything like that .
So , in regard to that , we are paying great attention to their ability to defend on the ground .
They may just suddenly be effective on the ground .
Additionally , their ability to use chemical and biological weapons , they 've proven it historically .
We believe they have the capability now .
Clearly , as we threaten the core of the regime , which Baghdad and Tikrit represent , we believe that the likelihood of them using those weapons goes up .
In less than 24 hours , the U.S. 101st Airborne Division has driven Iraqi Fedayeen fighters from the key city of Najaf , pushed north in a several-pronged attack .
The Army 's 3rd Infantry has punched through Karbala , meeting only light resistance from the Medina Republican Guard , and moving along highway nine within 25 miles of Baghdad .
At the same time , the Marines from the 1st Division have secured a key Tigris River crossing near Al Kut and reported to have essentially destroyed the combat fighting ability of that light infantry Baghdad division that was supposed to be providing defense down there .
At the U.S. Central Command briefing this morning at the forward headquarters in Doha , Qatar , General Vincent Brooks said that the U.S. would be continuing to approach Baghdad .
He said , quote , " The dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime now , and it will remain pointed at it , " he said , " until the regime is gone .
" Judy .
Jamie , these descriptions of the weakening of the Republican Guard begin to bring back memories of the first Gulf War 12 years ago .
Is there a chance that coalition forces could , at this point , be overestimating the strength of what 's left of the opposition ? Well , they might be .
And that might be a good thing .
They are taking it very cautiously .
No one , again , they stress the most dangerous part of this could be ahead .
Could be urban combat .
Could involve chemical weapons .
Could be the most loyal fighters left as they draw into Baghdad .
Could be a very dangerous time .
They also are careful to point out that even while they say that the division has been destroyed , they do n't mean every single person has been killed .
Simply that its combat effectiveness has been eliminated Judy .
We notice they said they did not want to use the word destroyed , in fact , they said let others do that .
Jamie McIntyre at the Pentagon .
That report filed just a short time ago .
Well , CNN analyst Ken Pollack who is with the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution is with me now .
He is an expert on the Iraqi military and its tactics and weapons .
Ken Pollack , that resistance that we just saw the British troops dealing with , you and I were talking earlier today .
The story the last few days has been the surprising level of resistance but you 're telling me your sense is that the coalition forces are beginning to adjust to that .
Right .
I mean we 're seeing one of the great advantages of U.S. and British forces now , Judy , which is that they 're superbly trained troops .
They have training in a whole variety of different missions and they 're adapting .
They recognize now they went in with some false assumptions about the kind of reception that they were going to face .
The plan that was implemented had some inherent risks in it , risks to the supply line , risks in terms of not clearing cities and they 're shifting .
They 're changing and the troops are trained well enough to be able to deal with that .
You 've seen U.S. Central Command bringing up additional forces like the 82nd Airborne Division to better deal with these long supply lines , get control over the cities and so I think that U.S. and British forces are beginning to stabilize the battlefield .
So as an onlooker , as somebody who 's studied the Iraqi capabilities , is it your sense that the coalition can continue to adjust to whatever they deal with ? Absolutely .
One of the things I think we 're likely to see is that the Iraqis are going to have a tougher time adapting than U.S. forces are .
Typically what you 've seen in the Iraqi armed forces is the change has to come from the top .
It does n't come from the ground up .
You do n't have ground commanders calling back and saying hey , we 'd like to try this tactic or this seems to work .
Tell everybody else to do the same thing .
Instead the high command has to identify a problem , come up with a solution and transmit it down .
Chances are the Iraqis are going to continue to stick with what we 've seen before , irregular forces blending in with civilians trying to attack U.S. forces , some more of these suicide attacks which are going to be problematic for our troops .
There 's no way around that but U.S. forces , British forces are beginning to adapt to it .
I want to ask you about you mentioned coalition forces going in expecting more support from ordinary Iraqi people .
I just interviewed a gentleman , native of Iraq , who talks to his family there all the time and he says they live in Baghdad 20 , 30 , 50 of them and he said they do the view the Americans as invaders .
They hate Saddam Hussein .
They do n't like what he 's doing but they do n't think the Americans are the answer .
All right .
Well , this is something that we 've been trying to get a grip on for years , exactly what the Iraqi people feel and also that I think the best evidence that we had before the attack began was that Iraqis do , they despise .
They are desperate to be rid of him but by the same token , they do n't like another country coming into their country to overturn the government and beyond that , I think it 's probably most important for most Iraqis is they 're deeply suspicious of the United States .
They remember that the United States betrayed them in 1991 .
The U.S. did n't finish Saddam then .
President Bush then President Bush called on them to rise up and then the U.S. did nothing and so they 're deeply suspicious of what we have in mind .
Which raises questions going forward .
One last thing , Ken Pollack I want to ask about this British officials saying that they have information that Saddam Hussein has fired his air defense chief .
What 's the significance of that ? Well , if it 's true and obviously we do n't know just yet but if it 's true , it is very significant because it 's effectively the Iraqis admitting that many of the civilian casualties that we 've seen over the last few days may in fact have been caused by Iraqi surface to air missiles falling back to ground in residential areas .
( INAUDIBLE ) Exactly , in that market and I think it was pretty apparent when you looked at the video of that market , if that had been a U.S. bomb or a U.S. cruise missile , that market would have been obliterated .
Chances are it was an Iraqi surface to air missile .
Sunnis say Iraq poll illegitimate .
Are there minimal requirements before an election can be considered an legitimate election ? The recent Iraq election was boycott by the Sunnis which constitute about 20 % of the population .
For example , in a city of 200,000 only 1400 had casted their votes .
Many of the 1400 were civil workers and polices are Shiites from the south .
In Fallujah , there were 5 voting stations with only ONE vote casted .
Are their boycott reasonable ? If so , should that affect the legitimacy of the election ? ---------------- Sunnis say Iraq poll illegitimate A leading group of Iraqi Sunni clerics have said the country 's landmark election lacks legitimacy as so many Sunnis did not take part in the vote .
The clerics had encouraged Sunnis to boycott the elections because of the presence of US and foreign troops .
The US and Iraqi authorities , as well as the United Nations , have hailed the election as a " victory for democracy " .
But the Association of Muslim Scholars says any government elected in the poll will not reflect the people 's will .
" These elections lack legitimacy because a large segment of different sects , parties and currents with their influence in Iraq boycotted , " the association said in a statement .
" This necessarily means the coming national assembly and government that will emerge from it will not possess the legitimacy to enable them to draft the coming constitution , " it said .
The group said whilst it would respect the choice of Iraqis who had chosen to vote , it would regard the new government as having only limited powers .
[ ... ] I guess ltlee is an expert on the legitimacy of an election , as the Chinese have so much experience running elections .
No.. ltlee is pretty good to see others problem .
But he do n't see his own problem or problem near him ( china ) .
That sounds like our eyes when we are old , see things far but forget the nearby .
Remember the phoilosopher who observe the star in the sky and fall down by kicking a rock he do n't see ? Sunni say the poll is now illegitimate because they chose not to vote .
Fundamentally , choosing not to vote is actually a vote for the other side .
If you choose not to vote , then you choose to give your opponents all the power .
If the Sunni 's were prevented , or restricted or otherwise not allowed to vote , then they could claim illegitimacy , but since the simply just collectively decided not to vote , then they declared the vote legitimate of their own volition whilest simultaneously ceding power to all non-Sunnis .
If one slices off one 's nose to spite their face , then nobody should be surprised about their complaints of bleeding .
This is another case of " well what did you bloody well expect to happen " ? You are talking about physically restricted to vote at election day .
However , it is not the Sunni clerics ' complaints .
Rather , their state reason is related to the reality that Iraq is currently under occupation .
Does the presence of foreign troops makes them less free ? Were they consulted on setting the date of election and how to distribute seats from the votes gain ? In addition , they are restricted from moving freely in their own country and / or their own city , would that not restricted their election related activities ? Their stated reason for not voting was because the country was under occupation .
They faced , however , no pressure from the rest of the country , nor from the " occupying " forces to stay away from the vote .
The Sunni 's now claim that the vote is not legitimate because they did n't vote .
It 's not their right to decide the legitimacy of the vote .
The Sunni 's had ALL the power about a year ago .
Then they , the minority , were toppled , and they used their power to intimidate and threaten Shi'ites through the entire period .
Who do you think the insurgents were killing shi'ites .
If anyone has a right to call the elections " illegitimate " it would be the shi'ites .
They were invited to participate in each such decision .
They are not restricted from moving within their own country .
The Shi'ites had no problems turning out in large groups .
NEW YORK ( AP ) Rudolph Giuliani will wed his companion , Judith Nathan , on May 24 in the ex-mayor 's old home , Gracie Mansion .
The news was announced Thursday by Giuliani spokeswoman Sunny Mindel .
His successor , Mayor Michael Bloomberg , will perform the ceremony .
Giuliani , 58 , proposed to Nathan , a former nurse , during a November business trip to Paris _ five months after he finalized his divorce from Donna Hanover after 20 years of marriage .
In interviews last year , Giuliani said Nathan gave him `` tremendous emotional support '' through his treatment for prostate cancer and as he led the city during the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center .
`` We were close already , '' Giuliani said .
`` And then we went through hell together .
'' Giuliani and Nathan began appearing in public together in May 2000 .
Soon after , he announced that he and Hanover were moving toward legal separation .
During the legal proceedings leading up to the divorce , a judge ruled that Nathan could not visit Gracie Mansion , the official mayoral residence , as long as Giuliani 's children lived there .
Giuliani and Hanover have two teenage children , Andrew and Caroline .
The divorce settlement called for Giuliani to pay Hanover more than $6.8 million .
Hanover , 53 , is host of a syndicated television show , `` Famous Homes and Hideaways .
'' Last month , she and her fiance _ an old high school sweetheart _ invited the press along as they went shopping for wedding bands , saying they are planning a wedding in the New York City area this summer .
Giuliani 's first marriage to his second cousin , Regina Peruggi , lasted about 14 years .
It was annulled by the Catholic Church because the couple had not obtained a church dispensation required when second cousins marry .
Nathan divorced wallpaper salesman Bruce Nathan in 1992 .
They have a teenage daughter .
The Giuliani-Nathan nuptials will be a first for Bloomberg , who is making an exception from his policy of not performing weddings , said Bloomberg spokesman Ed Skyler .
Giuliani regularly officiated at weddings while in office .
`` The mayor is honored by their request , '' Skyler said .
WASHINGTON , March 27 ( AFP ) Thousands of fresh US troops headed for Iraq Thursday as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W. Bush discussed the effort to oust Saddam Hussein , which some senior US military officials warn could last months .
About 1,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 173rd Airborne Brigade parachuted into an airfield in a Kurdish-controlled area of northern Iraq , establishing a base through which to bring in more troops and tanks , Pentagon officials said .
And some 12,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 4th Infantry Division , which was supposed to have gone into northern Iraq through Turkey , began flying out of Fort Hood , Texas , Thursday to the region , a military fort spokeswoman told AFP .
The soldiers are to meet up with ships transporting their equipment , which is arriving in Kuwait from the Mediterranean , where it had been idling for weeks on navy ships awaiting Turkey 's decision .
The war in Iraq could last months and require considerable US military reinforcements to assure a victory , the Washington Post reported Thursday , quoting senior US military officials .
Sandstorms , dangerously long supply lines and a recalcitrant enemy " has led to a broad reassessment by some top generals of US military expectations and timelines , " the Post reports .
" Tell me how this ends , " one senior officer asked the Post .
Most US army commanders believe it is critical to pause the breakneck advance towards Baghdad to secure the supply lines and make sure weapons are operable and troops resupplied after days of powerful sandstorms and damage inflicted by Iraqi attacks , the Post reports .
The Post also quoted Central Intelligence Agency and Pentagon intelligence analysts complaining that Bush officials largely ignored their warning that Iraqi irregular forces would use guerrilla tactics and offer significant resistance .
Publicly US officials have insisted that the war is going according to plan , and the most advanced US forces are currently some 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) outside of Baghdad .
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld dismissed worries that there were insufficient forces in the Gulf region if the battle for Baghdad goes wrong .
After briefing US senators on the war , Rumsfeld told reporters that the number of forces " has been increasing and it will continue to do so until it is finished .
" Meanwhile Blair arrived in Washington late Wednesday for two days of talks with Bush at the Camp David presidential retreat .
Talks were to focus on how to run a post-Saddam Iraq , with Washington resisting a large United Nations role .
Blair faces an uphill battle to win Bush over to giving the UN oversight of a post-Saddam administration , as Washington officials are still angry at Germany , Russia , and especially France , over the failure to secure UN Security Council approval for military action .
Blair and Bush were to hold a joint press conference at 1600 GMT Thursday .
Britain has deployed some 45,000 troops to fight with the more than 250,000 US soldiers lined up against Iraqi troops .
Bush gave a new , stronger warning that the war could become drawn out .
" As they approach Baghdad , our fighting units are facing the most desperate elements of a doomed regime , " Bush told cheering military personnel Wednesday at the Florida headquarters of Central Command , which is running the campaign .
" We cannot predict the final day of the Iraqi regime , but I can assure you and I assure the long-suffering people of Iraq there will be a day of reckoning for the Iraqi regime , and that day is drawing near , " he said .
At the last minute , Bush withdrew a phrase in his speech saying the campaign was " ahead of schedule .
" A senior administration official said the president had decided to be cautious .
Bush pointedly paid tribute to the 48-nation " coalition of the willing " particularly Britain that is publicly backing the campaign .
Separately , US Secretary of State Colin Powell emphasized US determination to pursue the military campaign despite the diplomatic pressure Washington faces at the United Nations .
" We are interested in concluding this conflict , not having a pause right now or stopping right now , but concluding this as quickly as possible so we can get on with the rebuilding of Iraq and putting in place a better system of governance , " Powell said in an interview with the Al-Jazeera Arab television network .
Powell , the most moderate member of the Bush cabinet , said he fully agreed with the president 's policy on Iraq and had no plans to leave .
" Personally , I 'm very much in sync with the president and he values my services , " he said in an interview with National Public Radio .
Meanwhile the Wall Street Journal reported that several British and US oil companies have quietly advised US and British forces on how oil fields operate so they could safeguard the fields in Iraq .
The companies , including Britain 's BP PLC and the Texas-based Boots and Coots International Well Control Inc. , were not paid for their consultations , but allied military engineers said their advice was critical. bur-ch / Iraq-war-US JAKARTA , Indonesia ( AP ) The dictator Suharto has fallen , the constitution has changed , the media was unshackled , democratic elections held , and East Timor freed .
After Sept. 11 , 2001 , Indonesia was quick to sign onto U.S. President George W. Bush 's global war on terror .
Yet , Washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world 's most populous Muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change .
Frustrated , Jakarta 's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals .
Later this month Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri travels to Moscow to seek the Kremlin 's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces .
She is also likely to open the way for Russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector , long dominated by American and British resource giants .
Although opposite ends of the Earth , Indonesia and Russia have some basic things in common .
Both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations .
Both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule .
Both are resource-rich , but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption .
And , currently , both have opposed the U.S. led war on Iraq .
Indonesia 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Marty Natalegawa says Megawati 's meeting with Russian President Putin slated for April 21 will touch on the Iraq crisis .
But other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales .
Analysts worry that Indonesia 's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago , allowing for easy infiltration by extremists .
Last year 's Bali bombings , which killed 202 people , illustrated the threat of terrorism in Indonesia .
And , broad opposition to the U.S. - led attack on Iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant Islamists .
`` Nearly everybody in Indonesia sees this Iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to U.S. policies , '' said Jusuf Wanadi of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Jakarta .
Close ties between Moscow and Jakarta are not unprecedented .
Indonesia relied on Soviet military assistance in the 1950s under Megawati 's father and founding President Sukarno , but these were severed after the anti-communist Gen. Suharto seized power in 1965 .
The United States quickly became the Southeast Asian country 's main weapons supplier , and annual arms sales peaked at US $ 400 million in the 1980s .
In 1991 , however , the U.S. Congress banned this after Indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in East Timor .
In 1999 , East Timor became free , but only after Indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum .
The shocking level of destruction prompted U.S. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with Indonesia .
Since then some in the Bush administration _ particularly Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz , a former ambassador to Jakarta and a prime architect of the Iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed .
So far , U.S. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program .
But that 's far from enough for Indonesia 's generals .
`` I think the Indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from Washington are just not worth it , '' said Juwono Sudarsono , a former defense minister .
`` So they want to look for alternative sources for planes , helicopters and other hardware .
'' Moscow has already had some success in wooing Indonesia as a customer .
Jakarta has recently purchased some Russian weapons , including 10,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles , a squadron of naval Mil-2 helicopters and a dozen BTR-80A amphibious carriers for its marines .
Currently , Indonesia uses short-range Rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in Sumatra , Borneo and Papua from air attack .
`` Replenishing them has been a big problem , '' Sudarsono said .
Air defense commanders want to augment the Rapiers with Russia 's impressive long-range S-300 missiles , or shorter-range systems such as the SA-15 Gauntlet or shoulder-fired Igla .
The Air Force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of Sukhoi Su-27 interceptors , considered the world 's premier dogfighters .
Previously , Indonesian Air Force commanders preferred Western jets that were compatible with the U.S. - made F-16 fighter-bombers already in the Indonesian inventory .
But neighboring Malaysia 's success in integrating Russian MiG-29s and American F / A-18 Hornets persuaded them otherwise , Sudarsono said .
If Megawati does stiff-arm the United States on the weapons issue , it is unlikely relations with Washington will be permanently damaged .
Whatever happens , Indonesia , a mainly Muslim but politically secular state , is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy .
What could be more worrying for Washington is Russia 's economic ambitions .
Trade between Indonesia and Russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available .
Analysts say this can only grow .
The real concerns , though , are in the petroleum sector .
Megawati and Putin are expected to sign agreements to give Russian companies a toehold in Indonesia 's oil and gas industry , long dominated by American and British giants such as Exxon Mobil and BP .
As coalition forces push ahead in their march toward Baghdad , they have encountered some resistance in the Shiite holy city of Karbala .
But American troops and their superior technology have turned out to be a key factor in the fighting there .
And to the south , British forces continue their attack on targets around Basra .
ITN correspondent Tim Ewart reports .
These are soldiers of the U.S. 3rd Infantry , fighting near Karbala , southwest of Baghdad .
They are facing Saddam Hussein 's Republican Guard , his finest soldiers .
But for all the resistance , coalition aircraft rule the skies and coalition technology is overwhelmingly superior .
U.S. commanders believe the Republican Guard is a doomed force .
We will approach Baghdad .
The dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime right now and will remain pointed at it until the regime is gone .
To the south , more black smoke over the town of Basra .
British troops control the outskirts of the town , and today destroyed another building they said housed Iraqi fighters .
There is much fear here of the Saddam loyalists who still hold sway in Basra and of the invading troops waiting at the gates .
( on camera ) : The Americans are racing towards Baghdad , the British still seem anxious to make their progress here as measured as possible .
Basra will fall .
But there may first be fighting in the capital , 250 miles to the north .
Tim Ewart , ITV News , southern Iraq .
From the south to the north in the rolling hills of northern Iraq , coalition air strikes targeted Iraqi positions today in what 's been called a ferocious bombardment .
It happened outside the oil-rich city of Kirkuk .
CNN 's Brent Sadler is there .
A back road leading to Kirkuk , the heartland of northern Iraq 's oil wealth .
A road that 's now in the hands of Iraqi Kurdish forces .
Occupying these positions , strattled along a crescent-shaped front line east of Kirkuk .
This land fell into Iraqi-Kurdish hands without a shot being fired .
Iraqi soldiers fled these positions in a hurry , under the onslaught of coalition bombing .
This is the end of the road for Kurdish forces manning this remote checkpoint .
But with special permission , they let us through .
We are now between the lines , a no man 's land of abandoned Iraqi bunkers and an unnerving silence , broken by the roar of warplanes and the distant surge of air strikes .
This territory is within easy artillery range of Saddam Hussein 's forces and circling Kirkuk .
The oil capital of northern Iraq is visible behind me , just over there , a harmless flare of burning gases is easily identifiable .
Iraq 's precious oil field remain intact .
Also intact , Kirkuk 's defenses , in the distant haze .
Iraq 's armed opposition , including these Kurds , waits on the sidelines to join the fray , if America asks .
This is about freedom for Iraq .
This is about the liberation of Iraq , and we Iraqis must shoulder the responsibility of helping in the process of liberation .
And , says the Iraqi opposition , in winning this war .
Brent Sadler , CNN , near Kirkuk in northern Iraq .
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) France on Tuesday proposed immediately suspending U.N. sanctions targeting Iraq civilians , an important step toward the U.S. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country 's economy .
The surprise move by France , which led opposition to the U.S. war against Iraq , followed last week 's call by U.S. President George W. Bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly , so Iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction .
France 's U.N. ambassador , Jean-Marc de La Sabliere , made the proposal at a Security Council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues .
The proposal would end the U.N. ban on trade and investment in Iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place .
The Security Council imposed sanctions after Iraq 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait .
Under council resolutions , sanctions cannot be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq 's nuclear , chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them .
Along with France , Russia , Germany and China also strongly opposed the war .
But de La Sabliere said before the meeting that Security Council `` must take into account the new realities on the ground .
'' Russian Ambassador Sergey Lavrov had said his country is `` not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions .
'' But he said Russia wants U.N. inspectors to certify that Iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction , as required under U.N. resolutions .
Asked about the French proposal , he said : `` We are ready to discuss it .
'' At another closed-door council meeting later Tuesday , the council was to hear from Benon Sevan , head of the U.N. oil-for-food program , which had been providing food for 60 percent of Iraq 's 24 million people .
France 's de La Sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program , which allowed Iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first Gulf War .
`` There should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program , '' de La Sabliere said .
This is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against Iraq .
These include not only Iraq 's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the U.N. role in Iraq now that the fighting is over , control of Iraq 's oil revenue , and lucrative reconstruction contracts .
Blix stressed that council resolutions call for U.N. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in Iraq .
He said he told the council that he believes the world would like Iraq 's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years .
The Bush administration , which accused Blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war , has already sent its own teams to Iraq to search for illegal weapons .
`` At the moment , the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming Iraq , '' U.S. Ambassador John Negroponte , said Tuesday when asked whether U.S. teams would work with U.N. inspectors .
He said important scientists had turned themselves in , and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any Iraqi `` to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions .
'' France 's de La Sabliere said he also proposed that the council `` find practical and pragmatic arrangements '' to coordinate and combine the work of the American teams and the work of U.N. inspectors `` so that the Iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified .
'' He told The Associated Press he envisioned sanctions being suspended `` for a couple of months , '' and possibly renewed .
He also envisioned U.S. and U.N. inspectors working together .
`` And then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate Iraqi government is in place , '' he said .
In an interview with BBC radio aired Tuesday , Blix said that before the war , the U.S. and Britain appeared to have used `` shaky '' intelligence , including forged documents , in an effort to prove Iraq had banned weapons .
Blix said it was `` very , very disturbing '' that U.S. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting Iraq tried to buy uranium from the West African nation of Niger .
He told reporters at the United Nations on Tuesday that the contract about `` yellow cake '' uranium `` was more than shaky , it was a fake .
'' U.N. inspectors went back to Iraq for the first time in four years in late November and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3 { months of searching .
Secretary-General Kofi Annan ordered all U.N. international staff , including the inspectors , to leave Iraq just before the war began on March 20 .
He has said he expects them to return .
Annan also said Tuesday in Austria that Iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources .
He acknowledged that `` the U.N. is being challenged '' but said he expected an agreement on the U.N. role in Iraq in the `` not too distant future .
'' Here on the left edge of the country , we have a unique perspective on election standards .
In Iraq , an election takes place in which one of the three major forces vying for control of the country opts out .
A few people will turn out and elect somebody .
It is hailed as the greatest triumph of democracy since the defeat of Imperial Japan .
In Washington State , our governor 's race may be undecided for months to come .
Following the election and recount process exactly as outlined in our state constitution , the democratic candidate won by a margin of less than 200 votes .
With roughly three million votes cast in the race , the margin of victory was a few ten thousands of one percent or some such microscopic amount .
For all intents and purposes it was a tie but somebody had to end up with a few more votes and this time around it was the demos .
The same group of people who have said " even if some regions are too unsafe for people to go to the polls and even if large portions of the population will not recognize the legitimacy of the outcome , some election is better than no election , and it 's a great day for democracy ! " ........... are suing to overthrow the results of the governor 's election is Washington State because there were some " errors " in the process .
( They hollered " fraud " until they got to court , but unable to find any evidence with which to substantiate that charge they have backed down to " errors " .
) So the standards are : Any old process halfway resembling an election is just diddly dandy in Iraq , but we wo n't accept the results of a free and fair election in Washington State because there may have been a human error rate of 0.0000001 percent .
In Washington State , the election has to be not only free and fair , but also " perfect " .
( Of course , the Republicans would have thought the WA State election * was * perfect , had their candidate held the same 100 and some vote margin when all the smoke finally cleared ) .
Funny how the standards change , and so easily , depending on agenda .
We have seen our state 's standards .
Keep recounting the votes until you get the results you want and if you need to go " find " some more votes in a warehouse , in a box , hidden behind some other boxes .
This is too funny .
The ones that are " opting " out are in one of three protected classes within Iraq .
The protected classes are Kurd 's , Sunni 's and Women .
only vote that ends in a tie is where both sides have the exact same number of votes .
This did n't happen in Washington State .
It took multiple recounts before the vote tabulation was determined to be credible by the Democrats .
Was n't it King County that had " counted " more votes than registered voters .
Please explain how this happens .
It seems that the evidence of irregularity in the voting process is extremely apparent .
I 'm a Democrat , a liberal and probably whole bunch of other labels that you can pin on me .
I 'm always glad to see people gain the opportunity to change their government from a dictatorship to a democracy .
Everyone , everywhere should have the basic right to elect their government .
The problem with this election is that no matter what happens the results are going to be tainted and questionable .
Think about this objectively ( forget the US is involved ) , if a foreign country invaded another and set up elections , would n't a reasonable person question the validity of the election results ? Let 's assign some names .
Say it 's 1942 , and the German occupiers in Holland have set up elections with Dutch candidates .
Well , not really candidates , but political parties you 'll be told who the candidates were later .
Would you say the results are valid ? Even if you , John H , believe the US held impartial elections in Iraq , do n't you think the rest of the world will find the results invalid , or least suspect ? On Sun , 30 Jan 2005 15:26:13 0800 , " Snafu " If Lou Dobbs , on CNN , at 6:10 Eastern , can say , " This election was a success by any measure , " that 's good enough for me .
Not even Chris ( Kerry 's my man ) Mathews could find any real fault with the outcome .
Our soldiers weren'e even close to the polls .
Hell , they could n't even see the polls in most places , so the intimidation bullshit is just that .
Even Brian Williams , when questioned by Chris , had to admit that he saw nothing to show US intimidation .
( You could tell it was killing Brian to have to admit that ! ) Of course , you probably know better since you were there , right ? Here , go read something from people who are there : If you look closely , you 'll even find some negatives to gloat over .
You have to start somewhere and this election is to get a legislative body to write a constitution for Iraq .
The next election will be the one with more legitimacy .
Sounds like how our country started does n't it ? On Sun , 30 Jan 2005 21:38:22 Sorry about my hard ass attitude ! The US soldiers were purposely kept well away from the polls during the time the polls were open .
They were the outer of three concentric security rings , with the Iraqi police and Army occupying the closest two rings .
I watched a lot ( but not all , of course ) of the news on most of the different channels , staying up until 5 am ( like a real dummy ! ) .
I did n't see one instance of US soldiers at polling places .
I * did * see a lot of Iraqi soldiers .
Except for the US flag on the shoulder and the different weapons , they look pretty much the same .
Hell , I noticed that some of the US soldiers were carrying AK 's in one place ! John H On the 'PocoLoco' out of Deale , MD , on the beautiful Chesapeake Bay ! " Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it .
" Rene Descartes make this final port call for some of these men and women on board who have been there for ten months at sea .
Chad Myers joining me on the set .
Typical Perfect Day in San Diego waiting for these men and women to come home .
raining in L.A. , raining in San Francisco but nice in San Diego .
It 's a picture perfect place to live .
72 and sunny just about every day .
have you ever been down there ? no , I have not .
it is quite stunning .
It is beautiful out there .
I just think about all the family members sitting at home , sitting on the dock looking at this boat coming in .
It 's just amazing .
They were not on vacation .
They were in danger .
Your loved ones are in danger for ten months .
Is He okay today ? Is She okay today ? Incredible sight to see these young men and women .
They are children .
They are 18 , 19 , 20 years old .
Think about when I was doing when I was 18 , I was thinking about going to college .
These guys are running ships .
some of these , as you say , are children .
Some of these had children while they were out at sea and this is the first time that first opportunity to get home and meet and hold them .
We 've seen the reunions for the past week or so .
It brings a lot of emotion .
it 's going to be Har for me to hold back tears .
we 're watching from the sidelines .
You can just imagine what these people must be thinking and how antsy they must be .
Got To think the last five minutes must feel like five days as they 've spent ten months on the water .
Just about to come home .
Sense the anticipation there beginning to build on those docks .
friend of mine in Richmond , Virginia , on the radio up there WRBA .
His son was on one of the ships that escorted a carrier .
Although this came home by itself from Hawaii .
There are so many other ships out there that escort this ship as it goes out .
It 's just not one ship .
Not just 5,000 people .
It is a battle group that goes out .
Eight , nine , ten ships and a submarine .
while some of these ladies and gentlemen are going to be joining their families half of them are going to stay on board because this the " Lincoln " is going to be docked in Everett , Washington .
That 's where the home base is .
It 's going to have to make a trip up the coast .
they wo n't get to see their loved ones until Tuesday or Wednesday .
I wonder who gets to get off first .
Is there a drawing ? Was there a raffle ? we 've got to deal with the person who 's going to be getting off here .
As you 've been watching throughout the morning , you 've been seeing that balloon .
Just getting back from spending a tour in Kuwait during the war .
Betsy is going to be leaving us .
She is jumping ship .
She is going on her own .
she was one of the water skiers .
we have to let her go .
She is going to be leaving us .
She 'll be leave G we do wish you the best , betsy .
You know that .
It 's been a blast having you. been a pain in the butt sometimes .
Been big part of our group the entire time .
Love you , Betsy .
thank you , Leon .
we 're going to say good-bye to betsy .
Some of these ladies and gentlemen are going to be saying hello to their families .
Standing on the side of the ship .
Ca n't wait to get off there .
We 'll have that for you live .
These reunions .
That should be happening any moment now .
Stay with us .
The people of Tikrit are saying Saddam 's family left that city three days ago , well before the Americans arrived .
Saddam 's clan is said to have left for a small village in the desert .
12:19 p.m. : CNN 's Ryan Chilcote reports the 101st Airborne 2nd Brigade finds 11 of what an Army general describes as chem-bio labs buried to avoid detection near Karbala , each of the structures 20-by 20 feet .
And the military also found over 1,000 pounds of documents buried at the site .
U.S. inspections will continue there .
Well , Baghdad is a city where drinking water and working telephones are hot commodities .
Now , regular cell phones rarely work these days in the city , we 're told , but satellite phones are another story entirely .
CNN 's Rula Amin reports from the Iraqi capital .
They wait for hours to find a journalist and they plead with us to borrow our mobile satellite phones .
They need to send a message to their families abroad just to tell them , " We are alive , " says this woman .
Here , they wait outside a restaurant where journalists hang out .
And they are desperate .
" Only for one minute , " says this mother .
She wants to call her pregnant daughter Saba ( ph ) in Sweden to see if she has delivered .
" It 's not good for her to worry about us , " she says .
Across the fence , a 21-year-old U.S. Marine named Jason Cook ( ph ) is after the same phones .
He wants to call his mom in Houston .
A " New York Times " reporter lends Cook his mobile sat phone .
I love you too , mom .
Hey , old man .
I 'm in the middle of Baghdad , just patrolling up and down the streets .
Cook has n't spoken to his family since Super Bowl Sunday , January 26 .
On this one sidewalk in Baghdad , they were all doing the most natural thing during war , trying to reach their loved ones .
My mother , brother and sister .
How many do you have ? I got an older brother and a little brother and sister .
His mother told him to keep his head down .
She did n't believe I was really talking to her .
We do our share .
And the first to call is the mother .
Saba has n't delivered yet .
Nevertheless , the mother is happy .
Everyone wanted to call .
We could n't accommodate everybody .
So , on small notes , they wrote the phone numbers we did n't get to dial , hoping we 'd deliver on our promise that we 'd call on their behalf .
Rula Amin , CNN , Baghdad .
Makes you wish they had enough satellite phones to go around for everybody .
Thanks , Rula .
Up next : the commander-in-chief 's political future .
Now that the war is winding down , is his support among Democrats looking up ? What about the length of the U.S. military presence in Iraq , Senator Lugar ? How long do you anticipate large numbers of U.S. troops will remain there ? Well , I was heartened by what Secretary Rumsfeld told you in the last interview , that we will have troops there as long as necessary , but no longer than necessary .
I think that 's a pretty good way to state it .
My own view is that the security of the country clearly is our responsibility presently .
We are trying to pass that on to others .
Likewise , the other government 's procedures , the fledgling beginnings on democracy , and all the rest .
But that 's going to require an undergirding .
Now , in due course , as everybody points out , we may get help from other countries .
We may bring in NATO allies or the United Nations or other people in the Arab world .
That would be helpful .
But for the moment , this is our responsibility .
And we ought not to be having large debates about how rapidly we move out .
And I was upset , in a way , to hear reports that by the fall , three divisions out of five would be gone .
I think Secretary Rumsfeld disabused us of that today .
And what about you , Senator Dodd , not only the length of time , but the cost to U.S. taxpayers ? Have you been given any ballpark estimate what this is going to cost the United States ? No. Well , what we 've heard the numbers of reconstruction running around $100 billion .
We put $2.5 billion in , in the last supplemental appropriations bill .
So it 's going to be costly .
These RFPs , these seeking bids on various contracts are rather costly , and so it 's going to be expensive .
And clearly the responsibility is going to fall principally on the United States .
Now , I would hope that sooner rather than later we could see a civilian government emerge in Iraq , a democratically elected one , that there 'd be more cooperation from the international community , on both the peacekeeping side as well as the political restructuring that 's necessary in Iraq .
And to the extent we can move that along more quickly , I think we 're all going to be better off .
Being the sole , or almost the sole power there , both in terms of reconstruction and politically , exposes us to great vulnerabilities .
Senator Lugar , we have to take a quick break , but before we do , I wanted to just ask you , the U.N. role you say there could be a U.N. role .
Do you specifically want the United Nations to have some sort of peacekeeping role there ? And secondarily , what about countries like France , Germany , and Russia , which opposed the Bush administration 's war plans , do you want them shut out ? No , I do n't want anybody shut out .
And I do hope the United Nations will play a vital role in Iraq , whether it be in peacekeeping or various other ways , and I hope that that will occur soon .
I think we really need an internationalization of the process , for the very reasons that Senator Dodd pointed out .
All right .
We 're going to take that quick break .
Stand by , Senators .
We have a lot more ground to cover .
Senators Lugar and Dodd will be staying with us .
They 'll also be taking your phone calls .
LATE EDITION will continue right after this .
LOS ANGELES , June 17 ( AFP ) Supermodel Rachel Hunter on Tuesday filed for divorce from her estranged rocker husband Rod Stewart , four years after the couple separated , court papers showed .
Hunter , 34 , filed for divorce in Los Angeles Superior Court , citing irreconcilable differences with the 58-year-old rock star to whom she has been married for nearly 13 years .
How the assets of the couple they have a daughter , Renee , 11 , and a son , Liam , 8 will divided has yet to be decided , the documents showed .
The celebrity couple spit up very publicly four years ago and each has since had well-publicized relationships with others .
New Zealand-born Hunter reportedly had a fling with British pop star Robbie Williams , while British star Stewart has been much photographed with his reported girlfriend , blond photographer Penny Lancaster .
Stewart has said that after two failed marriages , he felt it unrealistic to expect couples to commit to each other for life and suggested that the words " til death do us part " should be removed from the wedding ceremony .
Stewart 's 1979 marriage to Alana Hamilton lasted five years and produced two children .
The raspy-voiced singer who once dated Britt Ekland is best known for hit songs including " Maggie May , " " Do Ya Think I 'm Sexy , " " Tonight 's the Night " and " Young Turks " .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) Barry Diller resigned as co-chief executive of Vivendi Universal Entertainment , saying it was appropriate for him to step down while Paris-based Vivendi Universal entertains bids for Universal Studios , Universal 's theme parks and other entertainment assets .
Diller was appointed interim CEO of Vivendi Universal 's U.S. - based entertainment assets last year while Vivendi Universal concentrated on repaying a massive debt .
Cash-strapped Vivendi wants to sell Universal Studios , its Universal theme parks and television production company .
Former oilman Marvin Davis has offered $20 billion for VUE , plus Universal Music Group .
Vivendi also is holding talks with Viacom , MGM and other buyers interested in acquiring all or parts of its entertainment companies .
Diller served as co-CEO with Vivendi Universal chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou .
`` My executive role was never intended to be permanent , '' Diller said in a statement Wednesday .
`` Now that Vivendi Universal has begun a formal process in reviewing options for its entertainment assets , it is appropriate to step aside from any direct management responsibility .
'' Diller , 61 , remains chief executive officer of USA Interactive , which operates the Home Shopping Network , Ticketmaster , Match.com and Expedia , among other companies , and has a 5.4 percent stake in VUE .
Diller will continue to play a critical role in the future of Vivendi 's entertainment arm .
He personally owns 1.5 percent of the joint venture .
Diller also owns preferred stock in Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
Diller also is believed to be interested in his own bid for one or more of the entertainment unit 's assets , most likely the film studio .
In a recent interview , Diller told The Associated Press he would be interested in an opportunity to bid as long as it did not require him to serve as chief executive .
Diller has maintained his top interest is serving as head of USA Interactive .
Diller has served as head of Paramount and Twentieth Century Fox , where he helped launch the Fox Television network .
While at Fox , he was instrumental in creating such shows as `` Married with Children '' and `` The Simpsons .
'' He started his entertainment career at ABC , where he is credited with creating the `` movie of the week '' concept .
Shares of USA Interactive fell $2.08 , or nearly 8 percent , to $24.41 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange , where Vivendi 's U.S. shares rose 35 cents to $15.15 .
NEW YORK , March 23 ( AFP ) Some 70 people were arrested Saturday as demonstrators clashed with police at the end of a major peace rally here , as at least 200,000 anti-war protesters took to the streets across the United States and Canada .
For the most part the marches went off peacefully , but in New York a small group of protesters were arrested after they refused to go home at the end of their rally , police sources said .
Several police officers were treated for the effects of gas after the ensuing clashes a result , police said , of the demonstrators using self-defence devices .
Organisers claimed that some 250,000 people attended the rally , creating a human column some three kilometres ( 1.8 miles ) long .
Police put the attandance at around 125,000 .
The city assigned 2,000 police officers to the rally , including undercover officers who carried beeper-sized radiation detectors and other counter-terrorism equipment .
Though opinion polls have shown public support for the war rising in the United States , opposition to military intervention in Iraq has given rise to an impassioned campaign .
Among the sea of banners making its way up Broadway were many signs poking fun at President George W. Bush .
" Somewhere in Texas , a village is missing an idiot , " said one sign .
" Iraq war : An unelected extremist vs. an unelected extremist , " and " Take the toys away from junior .
" One woman marched topless with the words " shock and awe " daubed across her back in red ink , a reference to the bombing campaign unleashed Friday on Baghdad .
Liana Owen drove 10 hours from Pennsylvania to attend the rally in Manhattan with her parents .
" It 's important that people all over the world know that we do n't believe in the war , " she said .
Several thousand demonstrators also gathered outside the White House in Washington , accompanied by a major security presence .
" They can say they 're 'smart bombs , ' but smart bombs are n't able to distinguish between military and human targets , " Abigail Fletcher , a marcher from Florida , said outside the president 's residence .
Some of the slogans sought to rebut war supporters ' arguments that the protests are unpatriotic .
" We support our troops bring them home ! " read one .
A former serviceman , Michael Schmidt of Peoria , Illinois , said : " It 's up to me to help the US from here .
" Others were more blunt , with one banner reading " Shocked , Awed and Disgusted .
" One group , Lesbians Against Boys Invading Anything , carried signs saying " Pre-emptive war is terrorism , " " This is n't the USA I love , " and " Where Will the Bombs Fall Next ? " Up to 20,000 protesters thronged the plazas and streets of San Francisco , where more than 1,600 people were arrested in the past two days in a civil disobedience campaign .
Between 2,500 and 3,000 people picketed the CNN studios in Los Angeles while others at the Atlanta headquarters protested the cable network 's coverage of the war for being biased toward the United States .
" They make this look like a John Wayne movie , " said protester Elvis Woods .
" You watch CNN and all you get are explosions and video of tanks and guns .
Nobody questions whether this is right or not .
" Counter-demonstrations in support of the US-led invasion of Iraq took place in some cities , with some 2,500 people turning out in Chicago .
Flying the US flag and reciting the pledge of allegiance , they outnumbered their anti-war counterparts by three to one .
Passions ran deep on both sides , but a line of police in riot gear kept them apart .
Carrying signs that said , " It 's the oil , stupid , " and " Real men do n't bomb children , " the anti-war protesters waved blue Earth flags .
" I agree Saddam is crazy and needs to go , but it 's not our place to do it , " said Ian Wisniewski , 14 , who had a fake bullet hole painted on his forehead .
" It 's crazy that we 're bombing Iraq .
It sickens me .
" A few yards away , Claire Tortorello , 54 , pointed and yelled at the protesters across the plaza .
Holding a framed picture of her son , serving with the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division in Iraq , she said she did n't know whether he was dead or alive .
" I 'm here to support him and others who are fighting for their country .
They would n't be here if it were n't for the freedoms that others fought for , " she said .
Anti-war protests took place around the world Saturday after the start of the bombing of Baghdad .
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Britain , Spain and Italy , whose governments approved of the war .
In Montreal , " Stop the War , " a coalition of more than 190 groups , said as many as 200,000 people turned out , though police refused to give a figure .
Protesters also gathered in their thousands in Halifax , Calgary , Edmonton and Vancouver .
Organizers of the civil disobedience campaigns promised to block intersections and bridges , shackle themselves to lampposts and create human cordons to snarl traffic , as long as the war continues .
Some 3,000 people have been arrested since the disobedience campaigns began last week .
knew Saddam Hussein 's REJ GEEMG is no more , the focus in Iraq is turning from military action to rebuilding which means the coalition 's role in the country will have to change .
Military analyst and retired Army General Claudia Kennedy joins me with a look at possibilitys .
Good to have you with us .
4 .
Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son , and he now faces the death penalty .
Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he 's been convicted of ? If so , what were his motives ? How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial ? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive ? Hello .
Hello ? Hi , my name is Hillary .
Hey , hello .
My name 's Kelly .
Could you hold on for a second ? Sure .
One , okay .
Hello ? Mhm .
Hillary ? Yeah .
Hey , yeah , okay .
It 's uh So the a pretty depressing topic for today .
yeah , I guess so .
The truth is I do n't really , uh , I do n't really know much about that topic .
I did n't really follow the trial very closely at all we do n't have , uh , cable so we purposely did n't watch the trial , but I read about it on the internet .
so and basically Oh , really ? he killed his wife when she was eight months pregnant and and dumped her in , uh the ocean , basically .
So why was it so special ? Why did that , uh particular case make the the national news ? I think it 's because it was in such , it was like a , um Like it was in such a quiet , upscale community where it happened and um just I think the fact of her being eight months pregnant , um , drew a lot of attention and Yeah .
of course people were worried about her for a long time and then they found her and blah blah blah .
It was gossip , basically .
(( Yeah , right.)) Oh , but the mistress had nothing to do with the murder ? I think yeah , cause he found out , they found out he had a mistress , and then it was like , oh Yeah .
Are I do n't think , I do n't think so , but who knows ? I do n't know .
Right .
very sad cause she has a child herself and so she drug her son through a lot of uh , drama that he did n't need to be part of .
Wait , what happened ? I do n't know .
She has a son too , so he he also got put um you know , in the spotlight a bit , from what I understand .
I did n't , I do n't have TV though , so I do n't really know .
Oh , the son of the , right right .
of of his girlfriend , yeah .
Yeah .
I do n't know .
I hear though , that he 's going to be the first person to be (( )) um uh killed for a crime in California in like , thirty five years or something .
Oh .
Oh , really ? I do n't know if they 've , I do n't know if they 've um given him the death penalty yet .
But I think he would be the first in , in a really long time to actually be killed .
Yeah , that 's amazing .
I do n't Um why , uh , now why did they decide that this was to be this big (( )) out of this with the most heinous crime in all of California ? well , you know I mean I guess that 's not how they decide who died , but it 's because of the you know , and the , uh , cou - , like the the court that they went to , like the area does n't well , I do n't know why they decided on this , I think it was because it was so public of a case .
But they have a lot of Yeah .
they have many many worse crimes going on in California , parents killing their children and everything , that you would think would would , um you know , be Hearing more .
be more Stringent penalties , yeah , but they do n't , they ignore those because this one got on television , I guess .
keep like uh , the jury from watching ~ TV and the media and stuff .
But I guess now (( it 's , uh )) pretty much impossible to do .
I i do n't know .
I never really got the whole watching it on ~ TV and and getting into the whole mystery of it because , in the end , the woman 's dead and so is her child and and there 's really no way of changing that I guess .
Yeah , uh , I think it 's kind of strange how it was so publicized .
Like I 'm just , seriously , like I do n't , like I try not to watch , like too much , like You ca n't help it sometimes .
Yeah I know .
But it just amazes me that , uh , I think it 's ridiculous how publicized how much publicity it got because I mean there 's like human rights violations going on all around the world .
I mean there 's like , genocide in Sudan right now but like , nobody talks about that .
That 's like (( )) Oh yeah and what 's going on in , I know and people flock , flock to the store to buy all their all their foreign made goods and it 's like what are you doing ? Obviously they do n't really care about what 's going on .
They just like to hear the details .
Maybe if they could hear the details about other things they would be more involved .
I do n't know .
Um (( )) it 's almost like , uh (( )) diversion but it just seems like they just make it into like , like a soap opera for people to watch , you know ? Well you know , some people were glued to their ~ TVs for weeks , and it 's just to disturbing that that would be their their main entertainment during the day .
Oh yeah , definitely .
It 's creepy .
Especially when there 's so many other things they could be doing .
We have three kids .
I could not sit around all day and watch a murder trial on ~ TV , especially with my kids around .
MADRID , Spain ( AP ) Police intercepted 33 African immigrants who came ashore Thursday in southern Spain aboard an overcrowded boat , including several pregnant women and other travelers suffering from hypothermia , police said .
Spanish media showed dramatic photos of police struggling to carry women on the verge of fainting after they were found wandering through Tarifa , Spain 's windswept southern tip , Civil Guard officials told Spanish news agencies .
Police also arrested two Moroccan men suspected of trafficking in human beings and navigating the Zodiac boat across from Africa , Efe said .
Twenty-six of the would-be immigrants were from sub-Saharan Africa , six of them women , and the other seven were males from North African countries , police said .
Red Cross officials administered first aid on the scene , and the detainees were taken to a processing center for the government to begin expulsion proceedings .
Tens of thousands of destitute Africans try to enter Spain illegally each year by crossing the perilous Strait of Gibraltar to reach the southern mainland or by sailing northwest to the Canary Islands out in the Atlantic .
They seek a better life doing menial jobs in Spain or hope to use the country as a stepping stone to other points in Europe .
Most are caught trying to sneak in and some die in the attempt .
( dw ) LAHAINA , Hawaii ( AP ) The premier of the western Canadian province of British Columbia pleaded no contest to driving drunk during a Hawaiian vacation in January .
Gordon Campbell was ordered to pay fines and fees totaling $913 , complete a 14-hour alcohol assessment program and have a substance abuse assessment .
Under a no contest plea , the defendant neither admits nor denies the charge but agrees not to contest it .
`` Mr. Campbell is sufficiently embarrassed and ashamed for what he did , as well he should be , '' District Judge Reinette Cooper said Monday .
Campbell was not in court .
Lawyer Steven Barta said his client had already completed the required programs in Canada .
He also brought a check from Campbell to pay the fines and fees .
In the provincial capital of Victoria , Campbell said he was treated fairly and no longer drinks alcohol .
Campbell , 55 , was pulled over Jan. 10 after police observed him driving erratically in a rented sport-utility vehicle .
Campbell 's blood-alcohol reading was 0.161 percent , more than twice the legal limit , in a roadside sobriety test .
In a tearful news conference after returning to Vancouver two days later , Campbell apologized to British Columbians , but refused to resign as premier .
He said he drank three martinis and some wine before getting behind the wheel .
SOUTH OF BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) U.S. soldiers moved to capture Baghdad 's Saddam International Airport early Friday and fought running battles with Iraqi defenders along the city 's southern fringes .
`` A vise is closing on the regime , '' U.S. President George W. Bush said .
Some frontline units went on heightened alert against the threat of chemical weapons , ordered to wear rubber boots and suits despite temperatures that soared into the 90s .
There was fierce fighting in Kut , to the south of Baghdad , where desperate Iraqis armed with rifles charged tanks in a suicide raid .
`` We mowed down '' the attackers , said Lt. Col. B.P. McCoy .
Despite declarations that more tough fighting lies ahead , the top U.S. military official indicated there may not be an all-out battle for Baghdad .
Gen. Richard Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , suggested isolating members of the old regime in the capital _ cut off from the rest of the country _ while an `` interim administration '' is put in place to begin work on a postwar government .
A meeting to organize an interim government could be held in Iraq within a week , a senior Pentagon official said Thursday night .
For the first time in the war , large parts of Baghdad lost electricity .
The cause was not known .
Myers told reporters at a Pentagon briefing that Americans had not targeted the power grid .
Tracer rounds lit the night sky and artillery boomed near the airport a few kilometers ( miles ) from the heart of President Saddam Hussein 's capital of 5 million people .
At one stage , it appeared that U.S. forces had taken control of the airport , `` and then it got more confusing with continued fighting , Myers said Thursday night .
Capture of the airport would give American and British troops a facility for airlifting equipment and troops to Baghdad .
Along the city 's southern edge , U.S. tanks and Bradley vehicles destroyed at least seven Iraqi armored personnel carriers and more than 15 Iraqi tanks in fighting that went on for more than four hours .
Two weeks into the war , American commanders reported a string of successes _ on the battlefield and within an Iraqi population initially reluctant about embracing invading troops .
Kurdish fighters in the north chipped in , when a top leader suggested they may agree not to seek control of the northern city of Kirkuk .
There were battlefield setbacks , as well .
Two Marines were killed and one injured in the close-quarters fighting in Kut .
And an Army soldier investigating a destroyed tank in central Iraq was killed by friendly fire when he was mistaken for an Iraqi , the military said .
U.S. defense officials also were investigating whether a Navy Hornet jet that crashed Wednesday was shot down by a U.S. Patriot missile .
The Navy was searching for the pilot Thursday .
The overall toll of American troops dead passed 50 , and Bush visited a Marine camp , which has lost 13 _ more than any other installation .
`` He 's in heaven , '' the commander in chief told the family of one fallen Marine in a private moment .
To the cheers of thousands earlier in a speech , he vowed victory , and said , `` A vise is closing on the regime .
'' Iraqi officials issued the latest in a series of exhortations in Saddam 's name .
`` Fight them with your hands .
God will disgrace them , '' they said , referring to invading American and British troops .
But the daily urgings seemed increasingly at odds with the military situation across the country , and Myers said Saddam had lost control of 45 percent of Iraq 's territory .
As conventional units fought their way to the outskirts of the capital , officials said special forces had raided the Tharthar presidential palace near Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown .
Documents were seized at the site north of Baghdad , said Brig. Gen. Vincent Brooks at U.S. Central Command in the Persian Gulf , but no ranking members of the regime were found .
`` That 's all right , he added , `` there 's other operations ongoing .
'' To the far north , U.S. special forces and Kurdish militiamen captured the town of Bardarash and a nearby bridge , one of few routes into the city of Mosul near government-held oil fields .
Iraqis had held the town for 13 years .
In the country 's southern region , British forces penetrated closer to the center of Basra , and warplanes dropped 500-pound ( 225-kilogram ) and 1,000-pound ( 450-kilogram ) laser-guided bombs on an Iraqi intelligence complex .
Die-hard defenders have held out for days inside the city of 1.3 million .
American officials cited continuing examples of Iraqis cooperating with invading troops .
In Najaf , they said a prominent cleric under house arrest by the Iraqi government had urged the population not to interfere with the operations of American or British forces .
A small group of Iraqi defenders has been holding out inside the city in a mosque , considered a Shiite holy site , and local clerics said one religious leader had recently arrived in hopes of arranging for their safe passage out of the shrine .
Ground forces closed in on Baghdad from separate southern approaches , the Army from the southeast and Marines from the southwest , in advances begun Tuesday night .
American and British helicopters and planes bombed positions in Kut , and Marines and Iraqis lobbed grenades at close quarters .
Between 10 and 15 Iraqis armed only with rifles charged Marine tanks in the suicide charge .
Two U.S. Marines died in the fighting _ and a medic who tried to save one of them sorrowfully buried his resuscitation equipment on the spot .
Army forces rolled past dozens of dead Iraqi soldiers and bombed-out hulks of Iraqi military equipment as they made their way toward Baghdad from the area around Karbala .
Many more Iraqi soldiers surrendered to the overwhelming force of the Americans , and were shuttled to the rear .
At the same time they worried about chemical weapons attacks , Brooks disclosed that a special operations force in the southwestern desert had found a number of bottles `` marked in strange ways .
'' He said an investigation was under way .
Well , rescued American prisoner of war Jessica Lynch is expected to arrive at Ramstein air base in Germany just about an hour from now .
CNN will have live coverage of her arrival .
Lynch was rescued in a daring raid by U.S. forces on the Saddam hospital in Nasiriya .
This nightscope video shows troops carrying the 19-year-old Army private to a Blackhawk helicopter .
We know , though , that 11 bodies were also recovered in this operation , and military officials say they are working now to identify them .
When she 's in Germany , Lynch will be treated for bullet wounds and broken bones .
She 's reported to be in stable condition .
She and more than a dozen other members of her Army maintenance unit were ambushed near Nasiriya more than a week ago .
Meantime in Palestine , West Virginia , there is a lot of joy over the news of Jessica Lynch 's rescue .
Her father , mother and other family members say they never gave up hope , despite their fears of what might have happened .
And they say they are grateful to her rescuers .
I ca n't really say how the military is functioning over there because I 'm not there .
But they are doing a job , you know , I do n't know the thoughts of the soldiers , the men and women that went into that building and brought her out .
They are heroes in my book .
West Virginia 's United States Senator Robert Byrd is also praising the rescue .
She was rescued in a daring effort by the brave Army rangers and Navy SEALS .
And today she is safe .
Safe .
Safe once again .
Her state of West Virginia is relieved .
Her community is exuberant .
Her family is overjoyed .
I spoke with Jessica Lynch 's father last evening and shared with him our thoughts and good wishes .
Senator Byrd called the rescue miraculous .
We 'll have more on the march toward Baghdad after a quick break .
We preview the potential battles ahead and the strategies in play when we check in with our military analyst .
MULTAN , Pakistan , April 27 ( AFP ) A Pakistani court in central Punjab province has sentenced a Christian man to life imprisonment for a blasphemy conviction , police said Sunday .
Judge Shahid Rafiq , of the district court in the industrial city of Faisalabad , found Ranjha Masih guilty of defiling Koranic verses during a protest rally by the minority Christian community in 1998 .
In a verdict handed down on Saturday , the judge also ordered Ranjha to pay a fine of 50,000 rupees ( about 870 US dollars ) , they said .
Ranjha was accused of tearing down a billboard carrying verses from the Koran in Faisalabad during a Christian demonstration after the city 's bishop committed suicide over the 1985 blasphemy law .
Faisalabad 's Catholic Bishop John Joseph , who had been campaigning against the law , shot himself in the head outside a court in Sahiwal district when the judge convicted Christian Ayub Masih under the law in 1998 .
Ayub Masih was charged in 1996 with blasphemy for allegedly defending British author Salman Rushdie , whose novel " The Satanic Verses " infuriated radical Mulsim clerics who accused the author of defaming Islam .
The Pakistani supreme court last year aquitted Ayub Masih , who had denied uttering any word against Islam or the Prophet Mohammad .
Blasphemy is punishable by death under the Pakistan Penal Code .
However , no blasphemy convict has ever been executed in the country .
Christian rights activists campaigning against the laws , introduced by late military dictator General Zia-ul Haq , say they are mainly used to persecute Christians or to settle feuds over land .
We 're going to go quickly to northern Iraq now where we find CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman .
There 's been some action in that area .
Nick ( ph ) I mean I 'm sorry .
Ben , we can make you out just barely but tell us what you 've been seeing .
Yes .
Judy , you 're seeing us through the night scope because basically for the last hour we 've been watching as this ridge behind me in Kalak which of course is the front line between Iraq and Kurdish ( ph ) forces , we 've been watching as planes , planes we can hear but cannot see , have been bombing the ridge line behind us .
Five huge explosions within the space of less than an hour as these planes drop these massive bombs on the Iraqi positions behind us .
Not just Iraqi positions behind us , in addition to that in the direction of Mosul as well which is a major northern Iraqi city about 28 miles to the west of me .
We 've also seen some massive blasts to the south as well so it appears that this bombing in this area continues and we have really seen the most intense bombing of the war in this area in the last 24 hours .
Judy ... Ben , what is your best understanding of what it is on the ground that the coalition forces are going after there ? Well , basically on the ridge itself it is the most forward Iraqi army positions and we 've been watching them very closely for the last month prior to the war to the outbreak of the war and basically these are the positions that control this entire valley .
Up there they have heavy machine guns .
They have mortars .
They have anti-tank guns , hundreds of men along this very long ridge that basically runs from the north to the south .
In addition to that , we know that further back behind those lines in the direction of Mosul there is heavy artillery and tanks as well , this according to the people here in this area , the local Kurds who have been going across the lines for many years basically engaged in smuggling .
Now precisely what they 're hitting to the south of us is unclear but my understanding is that there are further Iraqi positions in that direction as well .
Judy ... Ben Wedeman describing coalition hits in the area where he is , the town of Kalak in northern Iraq .
He just called in and we wanted to get this report to you right away .
Ben , very we thank you very much for that and we 'll be coming back to you as the night as the night wears on .
We 're getting close to the bottom of the hour .
We 're going to get some headlines at the hour right now with Heidi Collins .
BELGRADE , Serbia-Montenegro ( AP ) Slobodan Milosevic 's wife will go on trial next week on charges of mismanaging state property during the former president 's rule , a court said Thursday .
Mirjana Markovic , the power behind the scenes during Milosevic 's 13-year reign , is accused of illegally providing their grandson 's nanny with a state-owned luxury apartment in Belgrade in 2000 .
The Belgrade district court said that Markovic will be tried along with 10 other Milosevic-era officials who face similar charges of `` inappropriate use of state property '' that carry a sentence of up to five years in jail .
The trial will start on March 13 , the court said .
Milosevic and his wife wielded enormous power in Yugoslavia for more than a decade before he was swept out of power after a popular revolt in October 2000 .
The post-Milosevic government later extradited him to the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague , the Netherlands .
Since then , many of Milosevic 's political and business allies as well as his two children have been accused of crimes .
Markovic , the leader of the neo-communist Yugoslav Left party , lost her parliamentary immunity from prosecution after she failed to become a deputy in the parliament of Serbia and Montenegro , the country that last month succeeded Yugoslavia .
LISBON , Portugal ( AP ) The U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Europe and Eurasia said Tuesday that the U.S. government wo n't be involved in choosing subcontractors for American companies named to help rebuild Iraq .
`` The way it works is that there have been an initial set of contracts let to US companies , since it 's U.S. money .
Those companies can subcontract to any company they want , '' Elizabeth Jones said .
She made the statements after a meeting with the speaker of the Portuguese parliament , Joao Mota Amaral .
`` The U.S. government has done what it is going to do : it has opened up the process to international companies .
We ca n't direct commerce , '' Jones said .
`` Once it 's a commercial proposition , then international bidding processes come into effect .
'' Jones met with Defense Minister Paulo Portas on Tuesday and will meet Foreign Minister Antonio Martins da Cruz before leaving Portugal Wednesday .
About 50 Portuguese companies mostly in the construction sector _ are applying for subcontracts to help rebuild Iraq , Portuguese media reported .
Many are hoping to reap benefits from Portuguese government support of the U.S. - led war to oust Saddam Hussein .
Also , Portugal hosted a last ditch pre-war summit in the Azores islands for leaders of the United States , Britain and Spain .
President Bush aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on Thursday , formally declaring the successful accomplishment of the military mission in Iraq .
Welcome back to LATE EDITION .
Joining us now are two key members of the United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
In his home state of Indiana , the committee 's chairman , Republican Senator Richard Lugar .
And here in Washington , Democratic Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut .
Senators , welcome back to LATE EDITION .
Mr. Chairman , let me begin with you .
Are you among those who are beginning to conclude that , when all the dust settles , the U.S. may not find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq ? No , I concur with Secretary Powell , Secretary Rumsfeld , the president , that weapons of mass destruction are there , and likewise , that we will be led to them by people knowledgeable in the country as to where they are .
What form we may find them and what traces of destruction and all the rest of it will be very interesting and , likewise , the intellectual capital that is there to produce more .
Because not much else is you do n't need much to get it going again .
And that , I think , we have to be working with these people who are in the business to make sure they do n't re-enter the business , much as we did with Russian scientists under the Nunn-Lugar program .
What about you , Senator Dodd , do you believe , in the end , they will find weapons of mass destruction ? I have no evidence to the contrary .
And certainly , they have used them in the past .
There 's no doubt about that at all , both in Iran and against the Kurdish population .
So , whether or not they find them in the exact form that many would assume they would be the case possibly some got out of the country .
It would n't surprise me to hear that .
But I 'm going to work on the assumption , based on the intelligence that has been gathered , that the weapons of mass destruction existed .
What if they do n't ? Well , you know , they 've used it in the past , and I think the point that Senator Lugar just made certainly having the intellectual capacity to do this was proven already by the fact they 've used them in the past .
So , I would n't dwell on that point specifically , because Saddam Hussein clearly was a producer and a user of biological and chemical weapons .
He clearly was on the track to acquire a nuclear capacity , and the world is a safer place today because he 's not ruling Iraq .
Will the U.S. lose creditability , Mr. Chairman , if , if the U.S. finds no hard evidence , no so-called smoking gun ? No , we have full credibility in Iraq .
We 've prosecuted with the alliance a successful liberation of the Iraqi people , and we have clearly caused Saddam to destroy weapons of mass destruction , or at least to suppress evidence of them .
That is a victory of sorts.This is a facet that 's important .
It 's important in the war against terrorism that we rout out whatever is there and , likewise , the people involved , because they might help supply al Qaeda or other terrorists along the trail .
Senator Dodd , how important is it for the U.S. to conclusively learn what happened to Saddam Hussein ? Well , it 's important .
But I do n't think it 's as important as finding Osama bin Laden , for the simple reason that I do n't think Saddam Hussein today poses any threat , wherever he is .
If he is alive , obviously , he does n't pose the kind of threat that an Osama bin Laden does with his cellular network around the world to reactivate al Qaeda and international terrorism .
So , it would certainly be good to know where he is .
It would be , certainly , to know , to apprehend him , to bring him before a court of justice .
But I do n't think it 's absolutely critical for the ultimate success of this mission that we apprehend him or find out what happened to him .
And you agree with that assessment , Mr. Chairman ? Yes , I think that Senator Dodd is right on .
Former Arkansas Governor and U.S. Senator Dale Bumpers has just published a memoir called " The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town .
" And it spans his life from the depression era to the Clinton era .
Let 's ask him which was more depressing .
First , thank you for writing this book .
It is extraordinary .
It is wonderful .
And then we read you one passage .
You cite a session you had with President Lyndon Johnson in Austin , I guess , at his ranch , right ? Here is what you quote our President Johnson to you .
" When I was majority leader , and later president , I spent all my time pulling every power string I could find to pull , trying to pass bills that helped people .
That made their lives better and the country stronger .
That 's what the Democrats stand for .
" " Republicans ? Republicans just stand for two things : protecting the rich and investigation Democrats .
" That 's true , though , is n't it ? Johnson was right , was n't he ? I thought that was one of the most prescient things I ever heard , and that was long before White Water .
Yes .
He never heard of Ken Starr , but he anticipated it .
Nothing ever changes , Paul .
Can I interrupt this Democratic picnic for just a minute ? You know , Senator , inadvertently , you gave support in this book to one of my pet political themes , which you probably do n't agree with .
On page 256 you say , " As the years went by " this is when you were in the Senate " less and less information was new , fewer and fewer arguments were fresh , and the repetitiveness of the old arguments became tiresome .
" " I was becoming almost as cynical as my constituents .
I knew it was time to leave .
" Is n't that a great argument for term limits ? I know very few senators or any who are as good in their third term as they are in their first term .
Should n't we limit them to two terms ? First of all , that statement is not designed to cover everybody in the United States Senate .
But I must say , that 's a pretty accurate statement .
But it has nothing do with term limits , in my opinion .
I think term limits is the worst idea I ever heard of .
Amen .
I tried at least .
Let me turn one more page , to page 257 , actually , right next door to where Bob was reading .
This struck me because you 've got the courage to say something that is heretical today and it 's music to my ears .
You say , " Partisanship has taken on an odious connotation , and it may indeed be shriller now than ever .
But we should n't lose sight of the fact that we have two political parties so people will have choices .
If everybody agreed on everything , it might be a tranquil society , but it surely would be a dole one , and certainly not certainly a good one .
" You know , Paul , that 's the reason we have two parties , so people have a choice .
And I 've said many times , if we all agreed on everything , everybody would want to marry Betty and we would really be in a mess , would n't we , Bob ? Senator Bumpers , of the 22 senators of the old confederacy , when I got to Washington with the Associated Press , 45 years ago , 22 of them were Democrats , nine were Republicans .
Now 13 are Republicans and nine are Democrats .
And of the Democrats , I do n't think there is a real liberal .
Your last year in the Senate I had an interview with you and I wrote a column called " The Last Southern Liberal .
" And I thank you .
It was a very flattering article , Bob .
And you said , I 'll quote it , you said , today 's Southern voters are " children of Democrats who are not swayed by the same things their mothers and fathers were .
They certainly are susceptible to the Republican message .
" That 's a good future for the Democratic Party in the South .
Bob , I think that the reason everybody in the south you know , first of all , we were when Franklin Roosevelt was elected president , we had been living what we thought was still a conquered nation after the Civil War .
And we felt that Franklin Roosevelt was the first person who ever really acknowledged that the South had peculiar problems .
And from that time on , that 's the reason we had 22 Democratic senators from 11 confederate states , is because of the Civil War and because of what we thought was a heavy hand of the federal government all the time .
Of course there was always that old story about the Yankees , and Yankees were synonymous with Republicans .
But that 's all changed and memories have dimmed .
And people , you know , they do n't remember that .
And so the message , the Republicans have actually had a golden opportunity to make their case and they 've done it successfully .
And the Democrats need desperately to get a message to counter that , and they need to get a message and stay on it .
I mean we cannot be all over the lot .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) they 're just not buying the new deal anymore in the South .
Is n't that the truth ? Well , that 's true .
They 're not buying a new deal .
But I 'll tell you the message the Democrats ought to be that every time we get sort of within the grasp of the golden age , I mean within reach of the golden age , where everybody has health care , where everybody gets a good education you know I 'm one of the million and a half people my brother went to Harvard , I went to Northwestern University .
Two schools my father could n't have even thought about affording .
A million and a half veterans came out of War World II on the GI bill and got that kind of an education .
If that makes me a liberal , because I believe the government has a role to play in that , then I am a certified liberal , because I think that made the country stronger .
I think certainly it made every one of those people stronger , and I think we ought to be doing it right now .
No child in this country ought to be deprived of an education for lack of money .
No elderly person ought to have to make a choice between food and medicine .
And they do it by the millions every day .
And now ... Will you run for president ? I 'll chair a committee .
Dale Bumpers for president , ladies and gentlemen .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , Paul .
That was just terrific .
The book again is Dale Bumpers , " The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town .
" I highly recommend it .
And next in our " Fireback " segment , one of our viewers has a question about our president 's concept of democracy .
Stay tuned .
You know , for the past five days and really for about the past fifteen or twenty days , I 've been angry about the BCS rankings and why Auburn is n't ranked higher and all of that business .
Can someone tell me why one of my friends or family members has n't smacked me because of it ? I mean , here we are , 10-0 and staring down the barrell of a road game AT Tuscaloosa against our hated rivals , the Alabama Crimson Tide , and I 'm bitching about how we better get to play for a national title ? Really ? You do n't have to think back too far to find a similar scenario , only with the shoe firmly on the other foot .
In 1989 , Alabama was 10-0 , number two in the nation and coming into Auburn for the first time ever to play at Jordan-Hare Stadium .
All the talk for the weeks leading up to the game was about " if Bama 's undefeated , they 'll play for it all in the Sugar Bowl " and other crap like that .
Well , " if or when " never happened because Auburn won 30-20 in one of the greatest Iron Bowl games ever , putting an end to Bama 's national title hopes for the year .
15 years later , the situation 's reversed .
It 's Auburn that 's undefeated and facing the road game at the end of the season .
Suddenly , I 'm about nauseous about this game too .
Despite being riddled with injuries , Alabama has a ridiculously stout defense , recently ranked as the number one defense in the country .
Egad .
Has all of the bluster and talking shown up on The Plains as well ? I only hope that Coach Tuberville has been successful at keeping his players focused , motivated and thinking about ONLY the Alabama game .
This is a very busy base .
We want to give you a look right now at the aircraft coming in for landings .
It looks like LAX on a Sunday night and this is what it 's been like for the past 11 days .
We have just watched multitudes of warplanes land , multitudes of warplanes take off and this may be the busiest night of the campaign .
They 're expecting a total at this particular base near the Iraqi border of 300 sorties in a 24-hour period ending today according to the Air Force total from all the bases and there are more than 30 bases in 12 different countries in the Middle East according to the Pentagon .
They 're saying there will be 1500 sorties in a 24-hour period ending tomorrow .
Eight hundred of those sorties will be strike sorties using bombs and missiles so there is no slow down in the amount of air power being used over Iraq .
Wolf , back to you .
That 's a lot of bombs and missiles .
Gary Tuchman in an air base near the Iraq border , thanks very much , Gary Tuchman .
This programming note , tomorrow at noon Eastern I 'll have a special interview with the nation 's top military officer , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
General Richard Myers will be my special guest on a special late addition .
That 's at noon Eastern , nine A.M. Pacific tomorrow .
That 's Sunday and I 'll be back Judy and at the top of the hour for Wolf Blitzer Reports .
We 'll have a complete wrap of all the day 's late breaking developments .
In the meantime , back to Judy Woodruff in Washington .
We 'll be watching you both times at the top of the hour and certainly for late edition on Sunday .
Thanks Wolf .
Well , as coalition forces push north , they are encountering a unique problem of combat , getting rid of the weapons captured from the enemy .
Some of the 40,000 British troops are kicking up a lot of dust in the Iraqi desert making sure that nothing is left behind them that could hurt them .
Greg Milam is with the U.K. forces in southern Iraq .
Seemingly deserted , these battered buildings hold a deadly threat to British forces in Iraq .
This is what we 're coming across a lot of these , 30 mil , 60 mil , 80 mil , even 120 mil .
So there 's plenty still out there that will have to be recovered because they can be used .
Do you know when this place was last used ? I mean do you know ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) I 'm not too sure but judging by some of this , it 's been here quite a long time so whether it 's been used recently by them there was an Intel upbeat saying that they were possibly coming back to try and get this to use against them .
Grenades , mortars , all sorts of ammunition abandoned by Iraqi soldiers but there for the taking .
The job of these Royal Engineers is to clear this and many other mountains of armaments and destroy them .
Some are too unstable to be moved and have to be blown up on the spot .
The rest is carried way out into the desert .
And today 's parts in this conflict , this kind of work becomes more and more important .
With the coalition forces moving forward the last thing they want is weaponry like this lurking behind them .
With the amounts of ammunition and weapons left about , if they 'd used those systems , that amount of weapon it would have given us a considerable amount of trouble trying to take the positions .
With much of this weaponry there is only one safe thing to do .
No one in the British forces here is willing to take any risks .
Greg Milam , Sky News , Southern Iraq .
" the fact that he did not intend to drive was irrelevant " FFS ! If that 's not relevant , then what the fluck * is * ? Oh well , lets cross now to our mob of mindless drones and hear about how good it is that this menace to society is going to be locked up before he kills all our innocent children .
No doubt been the law in Q since it was extended from being drunk in charge of a horse .
It 's also been rigorously policed for as long as I can remember .
Note also that had the drunken fool attempted to sleep it off out of the car he 'd have been carted off to clink for a different offence .
Had he been seen consuming alcohol in public he 'd have been done for that as well .
As every Queenslander knows ... if we did n't have the toughest laws outside Islam the place would be rolling with drunks ! John H This is getting beyond a joke , several times I have slept in my car after a night out , to drive home or be picked up the next day depending on alcahol consumption .
FFS just because he sat is the drivers seat does not mean he took control of the car .
What about if he put the keys in the ignition to turn to accessories to listen to the radio ? It the car was running fair enough , I wonder why the law is doubted so often scott I thought this law was fairly well known , as long as you do n't have the keys on you are ok .
Surely everyone has heard the trick of rolling the front wheel over the keys .
Chances are sleeping it off in the car wo n't be terribly effective because you 'll most likely be over 0.05 the next morning anyway .
Michael In Q he 's in charge of the car from the moment he attempts to put the key in the door lock .
If he 's asleep in the back seat with the keys in his possession then he 's the person in charge of the car .
The offence is being drunk in charge of a vehicle as distinct from being drunk while operating a vehicle ( which is a separate offence ) .
The way to avoid being charged is to give the keys to someone else to unlock the door and have them hang on to the keys until you 're below .05 .
The standard ruse is to throw the keys under the car after you 've unlocked the door ( which you can later claim was unlocked by a person unknown ) .
In this case the offender escaped conviction first time around because it was accepted that he attempted to get rid of the keys , which supposedly landed in his lap .
Judge McGill got it right as the law stands .
John H Just trying to understand here ... given this quote : " If he had a pistol in his pocket , or a case of gelignite at his feet , I 'd guess that half the people on this ng would be baying for his hide .... Where 's the fundamental difference ? Same as if the pistol is in the safe and the gelly is locked in the shed .
So long as you do n't attempt to access either any charge is n't likely to stick .
I 'm reminded of when I lived in another state and the local cop charged the town drunk in his driveway after following him home from the pub .
The drunk was acquitted on the technicality that he was n't on a public road when the cop arrested him .
Would n't have happened under Qld law and should n't have happened anywhere else .
So whose law is stupid ? SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) North Korea has told American lawmakers it already has nuclear weapons and intends to build more , a senior U.S. congressman said Monday after returning from a trip to the communist state .
`` They admitted to having nuclear capability and weapons at this moment , '' said Rep. Curt Weldon , who headed a delegation of U.S. lawmakers that visited Pyongyang for three days ending Sunday .
`` They admitted to an effort to expand their nuclear production program .
'' Weldon 's comments echoed those of U.S. officials following talks in Beijing in April .
They said that North Korea claimed during a pause in the formal talks that it already had nuclear weapons , but would give up the program in return for economic aid and security guarantees .
Weldon said at a news conference in Seoul that North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan repeated that claim during a dinner meeting .
Both Kim and Foreign Minister Paek Nam Sun told Weldon that Pyongyang planned to produce more nuclear weapons and had nearly finished reprocessing the spent nuclear fuel rods needed to do so , despite pressure from the United States and its allies .
`` They admitted to having just about completed the reprocessing of 8,000 rods , '' said Weldon , a Republican who is the No. 2 member of a U.S. House panel that oversees the armed forces .
U.S. experts say that reprocessing the rods could give North Korea several more nuclear bombs within months .
During their visit to Pyongyang , Weldon 's delegation also met Choe Thae Bok , chairman of North Korea 's legislature , the Supreme People 's Assembly .
Although they were not traveling as envoys of U.S. President George W. Bush , they were the first American officials to visit since the nuclear standoff began in October .
They flew to Seoul on Sunday to brief South Korean officials on their Northern trip .
North Korea said it was developing its nuclear weapons as `` a response to what they saw happened in Iraq , with the U.S. removing Saddam Hussein from power , '' Weldon said .
A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by state-run KCNA news agency that the visit helped both sides better understand each other and they shared the view that Washington and Pyongyang needed to avoid confrontation and exist peacefully .
`` They were of the same view that it is necessary to seek a negotiated settlement of the nuclear issue and expressed their stand that it is necessary to continue seeking and discussing ways of settling it , '' the spokesman said .
North Korea has repeatedly accused Washington of planing to invade .
Bush says he prefers a diplomatic solution , but has not ruled out a military option .
In Seoul , South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said his government has no `` clear proof '' to conclude North Korea has nuclear weapons .
`` North Korea has told important people of the United States that it has developed nukes and reprocessed spent fuel rods .
But North Korea has not confirmed that to anyone else , '' Roh said .
`` Thus , we must make a very careful judgment on whether we will conclude it has nuclear weapons or not , based on those words only .
'' U.S. and South Korean officials say that North Korea may be bluffing about its nuclear program in an attempt to extract concessions from the United States .
But U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said Monday that the threat could n't be ignored .
`` Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they ( North Korean officials ) are saying very seriously , '' he said at a news conference in Seoul .
Weldon said his delegation `` comes away convinced '' that the nuclear standoff can be resolved in a peaceful manner that allows Pyongyang 's communist regime to stand while removing its nuclear threats .
Roh issued a similar message during a nationally televised news conference .
`` South Korea and the United States share a firm principle that North Korea should never possess nuclear weapons and that the issue should be resolved through a peaceful manner , '' he said .
Roh spoke after meeting the U.S. lawmakers and Wolfowitz , who also arrived in Seoul on Sunday for a two-day visit to discuss North Korea .
Wolfowitz said Saturday in Singapore that Washington hoped putting pressure on North Korea 's battered economy would resolve the nuclear standoff .
On Monday , Wolfowitz stressed that military readiness was just as important .
In meetings with South Korean officials , Wolfowitz urged them to increase military spending on new technologies and telecommunications equipment , as U.S. forces have done .
South Korea earmarks about US $ 14.5 billion for its military .
`` They still work with paper and pencil instead of with the kind of modern communications gear that our special forces took with them to Afghanistan , '' Wolfowitz said .
He said upgrades would allow troops to react quicker to threats from the North and help reduce the possibility of a military conflict on the peninsula , not heighten it .
The nuclear crisis flared last October when U.S. officials said North Korea admitted running a secret nuclear weapons program in violation of a 1994 accord with Washington .
Has anybody out there seen this done ? I saw somewhere on their site there is a lot of prep time needed to get married onboard .
I wonder if its easier just renewing your vows as my wife has been looking for this for a while. going out on the Sensation in March for our 18th anniverary .
My wife and I were guests at a wedding on the Carnival Legend on New Years Eve 2003 .
All the guests were folks who had met the bride and groom ( an attractive young couple who were sailing alone ) virtually on cruisecritic .
The wedding took place in the afternoon , before the ship set sail .
Thus , the couple was actual married by a justice of the peace in the state of Florida .
It was a great way to begin a cruise .
Although I am not certain of this , I assume that renewing your vows could actually be done while the ship was at sea , because it would not involve any legal issues .
Howie - Has anybody out there seen this done ? I do n't know the details , but on my last cruise there was a LARGE wedding going on .
The bride was all decked out in her long gown and veil , groom in tux and the other wedding party all dressed to the nines ! They had one of the larger lounges closed off for a private reception .
I did n't think it was allowed any more , but 30 minutes until sailing an announcement was made that all NON CRUISE guests must make their way to disembark the ship prior to sailing .
I had never heard that announcement before so I assumed that it was for the people attending the wedding on board ? This was the largest wedding gathering I have ever seen on board ... maybe someone had connections ??? The bride was still visible later into the evening still wearing her wedding gown on the Lido Deck ! Len ... On 16 Feb 2005 13:36:29 0800 , We renewed our vows on Carnival Conquest on 10/31/2004 you need to contact Carnival wedding department and ask if they have any wedding / renewal packages available .
These usally take a little time to set up if you are going in March I am not sure if / what would be available to you .
They were just starting a new Renewal of Vows program , which included all we rec 'd , but was cheaper .
Since we had already paid for our package we kept it .
Had a very nice ceremony with a justice of the peace and a small reception for the family members traveling with us .
Call Carnival Wedding Dept. at 1 ( 800 ) 933-4968 or send an email to : weddi ... @ carnival.com Happy anniversary and enjoy your cruise ! Mary in NC for killing his wife and three children the oldest of whom was three , Christian Longo had been sentenced to die .
Prosecutors say Longo stood his family because they stood before him and the life he craved .
The jury deliberated for three hour before returning a death sentence .
Now CNN 's coverage of the new Iraq continues .
Sharon Osbourne did not enjoy her meal at a Los Angeles restaurant last night .
Ozzy 's wife reportedly got into a fight with Hollywood agent Renee Tab .
Sharon spit on Tab and called her names .
Osbourne 's spokeswomen says Sharon was quote , " viciously assaulted and treated at a hospital .
" Disagreement between the women began months ago when Osbourne said Tab atended her family 's New Year 's Eve party uninvited and then won the door prize , a $15,000 necklace .
A spokesman says that if any charges are filed , they will be on the low end of the misdemeanor scale .
blast at an Iran nuclear facility Iran blames US US breaking news of terrorist attack in near future sounds like some heavy war rhetoric to me. peace Jim Ok , so if Iran is saying that they are moving forward with their nuclear programs for science and friendly nuclear energy , why is the US so worried ? They are just trying to produce energy , as we have several nuclear power plants .
And all the demands to Syria ... this all seems so predictable .
And if you were wondering , this is the link I got that from ... I like this quote the best , but I am sure it means nothing to us ( us being the US 's powers that be ) ... " The Iranian nation is not looking for war , violence and confrontation , " Khatami said .
Well guess what Khatami , you 're in for it .
Corey because they are lying .
they are one of the worlds biggest suppliers of oil. why do they need a nuclear power plant ? you have no problems with syria ? About 3 days ago I said to my wife ..... " shit in the world is going to get ugly fast .
" And although I wish we would n't have to do this .... we may have to flex our muscle again soon .
I think we are screwed with N. Korea , but Syria and Iran are really testing us .
Syria 's move in Lebanon may cause them to get their ass handed to them soon .
please. this is a cop-out response. the reason we are so worried is because we are on a higher level than 90 % of the world because we have nucler weapons. if countries we do n't like start developing nuclear weapons-grade material it makes us nervous. although so far , iran has shown that they are * not * producing weapons-grade material and are in fact using their nuclear power for just that , according to the IAEA. but when you have a sitting president who has an infatuation with provoking other countries into a war , you can bet that he will try everything he can to try to prove his case against iran .
we are definitely trying to do too many things at once , but syria has been fucking with the lebanese since before we came along .
it 's only becoming more noticeable because there is so much * more * focus on the middle east right now than ever before .
it 's not a question of whether i believe iran is telling the truth. the question was asked : why is the US scared of iran , and your response was " because they 're lying ". this is a cop-out because you 're not really proving anything , you 're just making accusations without proof .
ok , they made a very very small amount of a material that could maybe be used in a weapon if they had more of it possibly .
but the fact is that iran is cooperating with most of the international community on this issue , whether your believe them or not .
this was about nuclear proliferation , not iraq 's insurgency .
i think that if they have proof of iran 's assistance to iraqi insurgents that it can be dealt with later , once iraq is secure and able to handle its own affairs .
for now , we were talking about the iranian nuclear program , not iraq .
if you choose to believe them , that is your choice. i 'll go with the IAEA , the europeans and the US who believe that iran is lying. i tend to believe the free countries of the west over a closed fundamentalist gov't like not if you have a meltdown or need to get rid of spent fuel rods. also , i would doubt one of the biggest exporters of oil is that concerned with being environmentally syria has occupied lebanon , they are in violation of security council resolution 1559 stating that there should be no foreign forces in lebanon and that lebabon should be allowed to have free elections .
our alliance to them is supporting people that want to have a free democratically elected gov't .
New explosions rock Baghdad after dark .
Witnesses say they heard blasts around a presidential complex in the center of the city .
Meantime , the U.S. reportedly has hundreds of troops poised to reinforce the Baghdad international airport , now under the control of American troops .
A source tells CNN 's Nic Robertson , some Iraqi Republican Guard forces are gathering close to the airport .
Columns of coalition forces keep pressing north and tightening the noose on Baghdad .
CNN 's Central Command says some 2,500 Republican Guard forces surrendered , that is , between Kut and Baghdad .
Now , the latest on the fight for control of Baghdad 's International Airport .
While coalition forces say they have secured the facility , that 's not the case in the surrounding area .
ITN reporter James Mates was with the U.S. forces when they moved in to secure the airport .
It was a showpiece of his regime .
Now Saddam International Airport is controlled by coalition troops and , tonight , it has a new name , Baghdad International .
These pictures were taken on the runway just moments after the coalition attack .
A passenger jet burned out on the tarmac .
Wreckage burning in a hangar as U.S. troops rush in .
At dawn this morning , U.S. tanks and infantry had rolled in to claim their biggest prize of the war so far .
Building by building , they swept the terminal complex , then moved on to secure the runway .
The fall of his airport is a humiliating blow for Saddam .
It lies just 12 miles from Baghdad and will be a key forward base for U.S. troops as they prepare for a push on the capital .
More than 300 Iraqi soldiers have been left dead .
Some Republican Guard troops fought fiercely on the northern side of the airport complex .
Hopefully , this is a sign that we 're able to send to the residents of Baghdad that we 're here and they can rise up and deal with the regime appropriately .
Outside the airport , the fighting was fierce , but the battle unequal .
Here , the remains of an Iraqi armored car , and by its side the body of an Iraqi soldier , all that remains of a column that pushed up the airport road last night in a final effort to defend the airport .
U.S. troops are now knocking on the door of Baghdad .
But the final push into the city could yet prove to be the toughest fighting of all .
( on camera ) : The patchy , somewhat disorganized defense of the airport last night has left coalition commanders with several questions .
Have they done so much damage now to Iraqi command and control centers that they can no longer put up a proper fight , or are the best troops simply withdrawing into the city , to fight there street by street ? The answer to that could well decide how quickly they make a final push into the city .
James Mates , ITV News , with the U.S. marines , south of Baghdad .
ANKARA , Turkey ( AP ) An explosion in a cafe at one of the capital 's busiest intersections killed one woman and injured another Tuesday , police said .
Police were investigating the cause of the explosion in the restroom of the multistory Crocodile Cafe in the commercial district of Kizilay during the morning rush hour .
The blast shattered walls and windows in the building .
Police recovered the body of a woman from the debris of the restroom and carried it away in a bodybag .
News reports suggested that the woman may have been a suicide bomber or may have died when the bomb she was planting exploded prematurely , but police and interior ministry officials refused to confirm the reports .
Ankara police chief Ercument Yilmaz visited the site of the morning blast but refused to say if a bomb had caused the explosion .
`` Our colleagues are carrying out inspections , '' he said .
There was no information on the identity of the injured person .
It was not clear how many people were in the cafe at the time of the blast .
The explosion comes a month after a bomb exploded at a McDonald 's restaurant in Istanbul , causing damage but no injuries .
Radical leftist , Kurdish and Islamic groups are active in the country and have carried out bombings in the past .
13 .
War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah , Iraq .
Much of the country is unstable , but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January .
Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq ? If not , what should we be doing intstead ? Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place , and if not , then what ? I agree .
I agree with that .
Do do you know of anybody who 's over there at all right now ? Um , not right now , no .
No .
I have my cousin 's getting ready to go over there and it just , oh , it just makes me sick .
It just - Yeah .
Well , I do n't blame you .
I like I said , you know , most of my family is the whole thing .
military and , uh , you know , it 's funny because my husband was in the marines and he 's all , you know , well , you know , they 're over there doing a duty .
But my dad was in the army and he was in Vietnam war and he 's like , this is crazy , you know .
Bush is an idiot , you know .
Yep .
And , um , I mean , I agree with my dad and , you know , if anybody should know it 's someone that fought in a war , you know .
Exactly .
Exactly , they would definitely know .
Well , you he you hear these people saying that , I mean , that are in the mili military you you that it sa you some people who have come back home already and everything that they do n't agree with the whole thing .
I mean , it 's that 's that 's pretty - And he That 's bad when , you know - that 's bad when they were there and were and were living and they do n't agree with it , you know .
Exactly .
Exactly .
Well , my dad said basically it 's for the money .
It was for the money .
Eh .
And and and to me , to let people die because so your friends Yeah .
you know your politician friends and whoever other friends can make more money .
They 're already rich .
How much more money do they need ? Exact they 're greedy .
Greedy greedy greedy .
You know Yeah .
Yeah , I mean , and and here are these military guys giving their lives , and working hard every day through training and stuff even if there is n't a war , Exactly .
and you 're paying them piss because I do n't know if you watch the news a lot , but , uh , like , last summer they showed military people standing on lines for , like , getting food and stuff that they do n't get paid enough to where - Yeah , they said that there were some yeah , I s I saw a story about that where they where they 're - Yeah , it was , like , on twenty twenty or something .
yeah , they 're where they 're coming home from the war and they yeah , they 're they 're pretty much homeless and and ha they have nothing .
Yeah .
Yeah , so what the hell is going on ? You know , you 're sending these guys over there and you want them to be at peace of mind , you know , they you want them to be able to fight , you know , That 's Eh , yeah .
and to be able to save their lives and they 're worried about their families .
You know , that 's just - Yeah , and they c the come home to nothing after g all they 've gone through they come home and they have nothing .
you ca n't do that .
Yeah .
That 's just eh , that 's just pathetic .
That 's what you know , that 's what people need to , you know , speak up about and nobody nobody ever does .
And and it 's like a , you know , I do n't know if you remember , but it was like Nobody does .
I know .
right a little bit right after the war started in Iraq there was a soldier that spoke out and he got reprimanded for it .
Yes , I do remember that .
Yes , he got , um , he well , one , uh somebody , like , left did n't they ? They just he was , like , one of the major - Yeah , but this was another guy .
He just he repri you know , he he just , it was another guy .
uh , spoke out against the war publicly and he got reprimanded for it and it 's supposed to be a big no-no .
But , you know what , they have every right , you know .
What happened to America ? Yeah , it 's freedom of speech .
I mean , we used to have to right to say what you - Yeah , we 're over there supposedly helping Iraq , and I do n't think those people care either - No , I do n't think they - I mean , uh , some of them do but then most of the idiots are the ones that are causing these problems .
If it was if it if they thought that it was such a great thing , then why are n't the people helping us ? You know , Exactly .
me as a person , if some if someone came over and was helping me , me as a person whether I was in the military or not , I would be helping and I 'd be going around saying , look idiots , stop bomb you know , I jus - Right .
uh , instead of it it seems like every time they do a news report there is even the average m Joe Schmo over there is complaining , you know .
E exactly , and it it just makes you wonder h eh , what really is , I mean , what is it really like in there ? Why are n't they why are n't they coming to er - Yeah , and if they 're not going to be grateful , then what the hell .
What the hell are we doing over there ? Yeah , wh they why are n't they appreciating us a little more .
Yeah yeah yeah .
Exactly , because they really do n't .
I mean , they look at us as the parties that are causing problems , look at us as we 're very corrupt .
You have to remember , religion-wise , Yep .
how they are .
What they way we live is just totally against they 're religion .
And that 's , eh , they the way they live is just so weird anyways , you know , it 's just - Yeah .
Yeah , but they think of us as weird .
(( Hold on Jen.)) You know , so , you just , uh , Exactly .
I , uh - everybody 's got their own way of , you know , thinking and and they do n't want the biggest problem is is we 're pushing ourselves on them , you know .
They 're not pushing their religion on us .
Exactly .
Exactly .
You know , and so I I guess I would have a problem if someone was shoving something down my throat , you know , saying , this is how it should be .
And and that 's and that 's how we 're we are .
We 're going over there , we 're saying , look , this is how we do it and , um , i so we think everybody else should be that way .
D do you know much about the what what is the elections going on in January ? Do you know what going I - I I really had n't paid attention .
I know that it 's supposed to go on .
I know that , I ther .
um , one of the other countries , I ca n't think of the name , tried doing it and then it was a big they had a big problem because they said it was a , um , that it the guy should n't have won .
I forget which country that was .
Oh , Afghanistan did a - ghanistan .
In ele election , and they had a problem with who the leader was , and it ANKARA , Turkey ( AP ) The charismatic leader of Turkey 's governing party was named prime minister Tuesday , a step that probably boosts chances that the United States will get permission to deploy troops in the country along Iraq 's northern border .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who favors the deployment , hinted that he will reshuffle the Cabinet , but gave no indication if he would purge officials who opposed letting in the troops as analysts have suggested he might do .
Erdogan is extremely popular in Turkey and is likely be one of the few leaders with enough clout to unite his party and gain public support for allowing in the U.S. troops .
Turks overwhelmingly oppose a war _ by 94 percent , according to some polls .
Earlier this month , the Turkish parliament shocked the United States by rejecting the deployment by just four votes .
Erdogan has hinted that he will resubmit the resolution for approval , which could take another week .
The United States is pressing Turkey to act quickly .
Ships carrying equipment for U.S. troops are already waiting off the Turkish coast In Washington , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Richard Myers told a Pentagon news conference Tuesday that the United States would `` have a northern option whether or not Turkey fully supports all our requests .
`` I 'm not going to talk about the operational ways of doing it , but just be assured there will be a northern option , '' he said .
Also in Washington , Turkish Ambassador Farouk Logoglu told The Associated Press that the U.S. and Turkish militaries were holding informal discussions on the use of Turkish airspace .
The troop-basing resolution would allow the United States to use Turkish airspace .
If the resolution is not passed , Washington would likely want to use the airspace for strikes against Iraq and for airlifting troops to northern Iraq .
Refusing access to the troop deployment would mean Turkey would lose a US $ 15 billion U.S. aid package that Washington has offered to help cushion the country 's economy if there is war .
It would also threaten Turkey 's possible role in the future of Iraq .
Turkey , which fears northern Iraqi Kurds may declare independence in the aftermath of a war , has been pressing for a say if Saddam Hussein is ousted .
Secession by Iraqi Kurds could inspire Turkey 's rebel Kurds , who for 15 years have been fighting for autonomy .
After he was elected , Erdogan said Turkey wanted assurances from the United States on its role in Iraq .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday there had been talks that Turkish troops could be deployed `` a short distance from their border to try to avoid refugee infiltration .
'' Iraqi Kurds fear that Turkish troops could move deep into the autonomous enclave in northern Iraq and have threatened clashes .
Rumsfeld also said that like Turkey , the United States does n't want to see a breakaway state : `` Our interest , needless to say , is to see that Iraq remains a single country , '' he said at the Pentagon news conference .
Prime Minister Abdullah Gul resigned earlier Tuesday to make way for Erdogan , who won a parliamentary seat in by-elections Sunday .
Gul will remain as a caretaker prime minister until President Ahmet Necdet Sezer approves Erdogan 's Cabinet , a move that could happen as early as Wednesday .
Erdogan said he would submit his Cabinet list to the president `` as soon as possible , '' and leaders of Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party met Tuesday evening .
When asked about possible changes in the Cabinet , Erdogan said : `` Perhaps there will be a small amount of change , a certain number of revisions .
'' Gul 's resignation had been long expected .
Erdogan heads the party but was constitutionally barred from running in November elections because he was jailed in 1999 for anti-secular activities .
The Justice party changed the constitution after taking power in the elections .
Erdogan , a leader of Turkey 's pro-Islamic movement when he was jailed , said he moderated his policies in prison .
His party considers itself conservative and no longer uses the word 'Islamic' in its literature .
He now also advocates letting in U.S. troops for a war against Iraq even though it is a fellow Muslim state .
Unlike the soft-spoken Gul , Erdogan has a reputation as a fighter .
`` Erdogan will be willing to engage in a bruising confrontation in a way that Gul was not willing to , '' said Bulent Aliriza , an analyst at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies .
`` If Erdogan decides that for his own reasons , and not U.S. pressure , he wants this , he will push it through .
'' Tensions over the basing agreement spilled over into parliament Tuesday when opposition deputy Ufuk Ozkan shouted `` You are all American lackeys ! '' at members of Erdogan 's party , the Anatolia news agency reported .
A furious Justice party member , Fehmi Husrev Kutlu , rushed toward Ozkan , bumping into him and sending his eyeglasses flying , Anatolia reported .
Other legislators surrounded the two to head off a brawl .
I am the head of a company that raised an angel round of financing from a San Francisco angel investor who I never physically met initially .
Without sounding pretentious , he read my business plan and on the strength of it , wired me money a few weeks later I am currently reviewing investor interest for a guaranteed motion picture capital fund ( YES INVESTMENT IS 100 % PROTECTED AND SECURED IN THE EVENT FILMS DO NOT PERFOM USING INNOVATIVE FIANCING HEDGE ) for the following I am looking for an active investor / partner for several films including a Russian " Goodfellas " meets " Once Upon A Time In America " and several high end studi-esque horror films where the principal of an investment is secured 100 % exclusive of performance .
There is ripe window of opportunity right now for independently financed film examplified with the recent success of such films as Napolean Dynamite ( made for 250,000 , sold for 5 mil , made 50 million at b.o.) , Garden State , Open Water , Maria Full of Grace , Motorcyle Diaries , SAW ( made for 750,000-made 60 mil.) and others. the CEOS and execs of companies such as Fred Smith of FEDEX , Norman Waitt Of Gateway , Jeff Skoll of Ebay , Roger Marino of EMC , Marc Turtletaub of The Money Store , Marc Cuban / Todd Wagner , and others have all parked their money in film ventures and deals similar to ours , I need a similar self made entrepreneur who recently sold his company ; is currently at the helm of one ; or , a recently exited executive with a large severance pay who is sitting in the middle of nowhere , USA , is bored , and has always secretly wanted to get into the film business for tax , vanity , or alternative investment reasons .
While it seems there are other situations that are similar to mine , i feel that because I do offer a 100 % capital guarantee of principal on investment , my business model and risk minimization offers more of a clear cut exit strategy than just a pie in the sky deal .
I am looking for someone who can help me get the financing and is no frills , reliable , and visionary when it will come down to it .
Someone who has an extensive network in alternative investments , hedge funds , private equity , and an old-school network .
I am not looking for a boiler room cold caller , but someone that can present my deal to 5-10 guys and make it happen. email to filmhe ... @ aol.com 9 .
Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election ? What did you think of the two candidates , George Bush and John Kerry ? What about the Vice Presidential candidates , Dick Cheney and John Edwards ? What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for ? If you did n't vote , why not ? Hello , it 's Marco from Illinois .
Hello , this is Derek from Austin , Texas .
Oh .
Dan , did you say ? Derek .
Derek .
Yeah .
Hi , nice to meet you .
Yeah , you too .
Um How 's it going ? Good , good .
So , uh the election , um the , um let 's see , overall I felt ju just give you a brief summary , I felt that John Kerry and Edwards were were pretty strong candidates and uh mm , I do n't know , I guess just in terms of policy I did n't I did n't , uh , find that as compelling as just the personality of the different candidates .
Yeah .
felt like I could trust Kerry uh , little bit more even though he was much more of a politician than Bush .
Mhm .
Mhm .
Uh , he was kind of a smooth talker and Mhm .
Um uh seems like a politician , they way he presented Mhm .
his you know his his um argument .
But uh strangely I felt like that what , that was one of one of his good qualities because I did n't feel Bush was politician enough .
That um one of the issues that I was concerned about was just the representation of the United States and on the international stage Sure .
and I just uh I uh I do n't know , uh , Bush is the way he presents um the ~ US position uh seemed a little abrasive to me .
Mhm .
And I felt like , hm if we 're trying to , um make um the United States safer and more stable conflict in the world more stable then we probably need somebody who is a little bit more of a politician in the sense that the , they care about diplomacy and uh , even though we may not give in to the will of the other nations present it in a nicer way .
Mhm .
Yeah , it seems (( I make )) kind of simplistic , but that was an important thing for me .
Uh Yeah .
Yeah .
Um I was a little different .
I I I agree with everything you said .
I just , um I come from a little different background as far as being I was never into politics and now I I actually have gotten into God much more and and , you know , searching spirituality out .
Uh huh .
Generally people like that are conservative , you know , Yeah .
uh , with their views because of different things like abortion and , and , uh , pro-life and all that kind of thing so I came form that background Uh huh .
eh , but that was just an added bonus for me in the fact that I too was obviously at this point in time concerned about the welfare of our security and I felt personally that if Kerry was in office we 'd kind of be , uh up a creek without a paddle because I think he is so laid back um , and not as aggressive as Bush that at this point in the game , where we 're at we 're in this thing full full steam ahead Uh huh .
and for a transition to occur at this point to someone who is laid back and not as aggressive as him I think would actually endanger the ~ US even more .
Yeah .
I think that the international , uh uh , leaders would look at Kerry and know , they 're very smart , I mean they 're they 're on top of these things , they know , you know , it would , it just would have opened a gateway .
Uh huh .
I feel Yeah .
that , uh , it may have actually put us in more danger .
At least Bush has pulled out the gun , you know , stick to them , and um you know , that 's where I was coming from on that .
Yeah .
And then when I (( Do you think )) I listen to a lot of talk radio and when I heard the stuff about Kerry back in the the the , apparently the scandals he 's pulled as far as the uh , medals when he served time .
Uh huh .
You know , uh I listen to a lot of talk radio and spoke with , you know , heard from a lot of , uh veterans and they said it was physically , uh , impossible for him to achieve what he said he did .
Uh huh .
Uh huh .
And all the meetings he 's missing , and just , you know , I think it 's more of a status quo for him .
Yeah .
I think he 's more , he got so much money that I think he was just concerned with attaining this position and a title .
Yeah .
you know (( flag )) for him , so Do you think , um the when the Republicans are campaigning they were saying that well , another attack on the U.S. is imminent , that it probably probably going to happen and um and they even went so far to say that if it 's really difficult to prevent something like this and of course they 're doing the best they can and I think Kerry would do the best he could .
But do you think , um that and this is n't quite a political issue , but do you think that there 's going to be another attack on the ~ US ? Uh like in the next five years ? Something big like the world (( )) I , I do n't know what your beliefs are , as far as , uh biblically or spiritually or whatever , but I believe it 's inevitable .
I mean , we 're going down , you know ? And , yeah , and this is , all these things have been written about actually .
Really ? Um The tw the uh what is it , the towers , uh that was actually uh there 's references to that in the bible .
Yeah , I 've heard , I 've heard about that .
Letter writing , you know , is sometimes called a lost art in this age of electronic communication .
But it is being rediscovered by U.S. troops in Iraq , at least some of them .
Karl Penhaul is with an Army attack helicopter battalion in the town of Najaf in southeastern Iraq .
War , soldiers say , is long hours of boredom , followed by a few moments of madness .
Away from the thick of the action , soldiers ' minds turn to family , friends and lovers .
No phones , no e-mail , letters are the only link to home .
Melony Marshall was married just a month before she left for Iraq .
" Hi , sweetheart .
How you doing ? I have n't received mail in two days .
Being out here in the heat , it is so exhausting .
My love for you grows stronger every day .
The tent , I have to come home to seven people that , they are not so bad half the time .
But , sometimes , you need time away from people .
I miss you more and more .
I 'm ready to come home .
When I get home , I do n't want to see a camera .
I do n't want to see a band .
I do n't want to see a formation .
I just want to come home .
" Attack pilot John Davis is feeling sad he 's missing seeing his children grow up .
" Dear Keegan ( ph ) , Britney ( ph ) and Josh ( ph ) , I 'm doing fine , as is the rest of the battalion .
I really miss you guys a lot .
And I can hardly wait for the day I can be with you again .
In hindsight , I look back and see plenty of opportunities which I could have used to be a better father , but yet let slip by .
It 's unfortunate that it 's taken yet another separation from you for me to realize this .
Perhaps I can do better when I get home .
" Tiffany O'Neal , a military cook , vents her frustration about the rigors of desert warfare to a friend .
" Hey , Ashley ( ph ) , how you doing ? Me , I 'm hot as hell out here .
For the last two nights , we woke up to put our gas masks on for no reason .
Our little section gets the information last , or the best we can get .
I guess nobody cared enough to inform the cooks .
" In his previous letter home , Apache pilot Joe Bruhl did n't tell his family the full details about his first combat mission .
Now he 's trying to set the record straight .
" In my previous letter , written less than two days removed , I only wanted to convey my safety .
We did receive heavy fire and many of our aircraft took significant hits , including mine .
I tell you all this not to worry you , but to give you comfort knowing what you hear and see is true and that , despite that , I am safe and will continue to be .
Different ranks , different anxieties , but all are hoping , by the time their letters get back to the U.S. , they too will soon be heading home .
Karl Penhaul , for CNN , An Najaf , Iraq .
Very poignant .
And I bet that father is a better father than he gives himself credit for being .
That 's it for this special edition of INSIDE POLITICS .
I 'm Judy Woodruff .
Welcome back .
Both the AMA and the Bush administration released reports this week saying out of control trial lawyers are driving doctors out of their practices all across the country .
President Bush points this way today , even the most frivolous of lawsuits cost money , premiums go up and either way , the patient pays .
We 're debating malpractice reform with consumer advocate Ralph Nader , and AMA President-Elect Dr. Ronald Palmisano .
Dr. Palmisano , again , thanks for staying with us through the break .
Let me set aside the hypocrisy of a man who became president because of a lawsuit trying to eliminate everybody else 's lawsuits , but instead focus on his own experience .
He was the governor of my state of Texas , where there are a whole lot of doctors .
It turns out that he did n't do any kind of a job policing your profession at all when he was the governor of Texas .
Here 's what the " Dallas Morning News " reported recently : " The Texas State Board of Medical Examiners , the agency that pledges to protect the public has granted second and third chances to surgeons who are thrown out of hospitals because they botched operations .
It has forgiven physicians who overlook cancerous tumors , who maimed infants or whose mistakes left women sterilized .
It has refused in the last five years to revoke the license of a single doctor for committing medical errors .
Thousands more may have been ignored over the last decade .
" That is the Bush record in policing surgeons , why should we trust him now ? Well , first off ... Physicians generally , not just surgeons , forgive me .
Sure .
What we need to do is to make sure that state boards , number one , have adequate funding .
The AMA supports that .
If there are any bad doctors we want them removed from the practice of medicine .
But it 's also ... ... bad doctors ? Well , it 's also unfair to make a judgment without knowing all of the facts of the case .
Because someone pays money in a case , the insurance company may pay money because they 're afraid there 's is going to be a giant award in this case because of this broken liability system .
Troy Brennan ( ph ) of Harvard said there 's no correlation with negligence , only with disability .
So let 's look at all of the facts , but give everybody due process here in America before we criticize .
Actually , Troy Brennan , the same doctor at Harvard Public School of Health said the issue is not to fuel lawsuits , it 's too many .
Less than 10 percent of the victims of medical malpractice , and we 're talking about horrific injuries here , even file a claim .
Even file a claim .
And the entire pay-out to all of the victims that get a little money , not the 90 percent who never file a claim , amounts to less than what we spend on dog food .
On dog food .
It 's about $5.4 billion is the pay-out .
That 's a fraction of physician income .
It 's a fraction of the health care expense of 1.4 trillion .
What we have to do is look at all the facts and have balance here .
That 's what the people in Congress have to do .
They have to make sure that whatever they decide keeps doctors in practice and patients having access to care .
Doctors are going ... But let me but let me wait ... Doctors are leaving practice because of insurance premium , right ? Is that right ? They do n't abandon their patients , except for the high premiums of a few specialties ? Because of the premiums .
But first of all let me ... Why do n't you crack down on the insurance companies ? No. Let 's talk about the facts .
Let 's talk about the facts .
That 's the fact .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) percent of the doctors are insured by physician-owned insurance companies , the medical side .
I was just in Oklahoma , they own this insurance company .
They are trying to do their very best .
It 's a company not for profit .
What happens here is that more money is being paid out than comes in .
And as far as the investment income , A.M. Bests ( ph ) show that in the past five years , the investment income has been stable at around 5 percent .
Brown Brothers Harriman said that investments did not precipitate the current crisis .
... payoffs have been stable , adjusted for inflation , National Practitioners Databank ( ph ) .
Why do you want that to be secret ? All of the information about bad doctors in the National Practitioner bank , you , the AMA wants to keep it secret from other doctors and other patients around the country who want to know whether their doctor is on that list .
Well , let 's look at what the president is actually proposing for people who have been harmed by a bad doctor .
Let 's listen to what he said to the AMA today .
If harmed by a doc , they ought to be able to recover their economic costs , economic losses .
They should be able to recover non economic damages as well .
But for the sake of the system , non economic damages should be capped at $250,000 .
What in the world is wrong with that ? Tell me what 's wrong with that ? What 's wrong ? Tell someone who had a double mastectomy , tell an infant who 's brain-damaged and has no economic loss that for the rest of their lives they 're going to get dribbled out $250,000 for their entire life expectancy ? Wait a minute .
The head of AIG a few years ago was making $250,000 every week .
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money , though .
Not for you , but for most people it 's a lot of money .
These executives , why do n't you tell ... In California wait , Mr. Nader .
In California ... Why do n't you cap insurance ... Mr. Palmisano , go ahead .
Give me a moment , please .
Go ahead , go ahead .
In California where they have this law , it caps the non-economics , the ones you ca n't quantify .
There are awards in 10 million , 20 million , $30 million in California for economic .
So all medicals , all rehabilitation , care services in the home , lost wages ... No , no , no .
I 've got to ask Mr. Nader , we are almost out of time .
Doug Friedman ( ph ) , who ran Jesse Ventura 's campaign for governor four years ago , says he wants you to run for president again .
I know you 're saying it 's much too early to run for president .
But one simple question , Ralph , will you consider another run for president ? Much too early to consider .
I am concerned about Donald Zook ( ph ) , who 's head of a medical malpractice insurance company , a big one in the West , saying that his insurance company executive colleagues should not blame the tort injury system .
He said that your problem of jacking up these insurance rates is self-inflicted .
Here 's an insurance company executive who is saying that .
Well , Mr. Zook is one executive you are quoting .
What we need to do is look at all of the people who do n't have doctors ... Hey , let 's get some agreement .
Should we get some agreement ? What ... Do you want to really crack down on the bad doctors ? We want to crack down on the attorneys who file frivolous suits .
Fine .
Fine .
Seventy percent of the cases filed are told there 's no payment .
What kind of peer review is that ? Wait .
Wait .
Do you want to crack down on the bad doctors ? You 're in AMA .
We definitely want to crack down on bad doctors .
But ... ( CROSSTALK ) Do you want to control insurance rates ? We want the free market to dictate what is done .
The free market actually dictates we have got to sell some commercials here on CNN or we 're all out of ... Thanks .
Privilege to be here .
Lovely , she refuses an autopsy which could prove how her husband died , but then she turns around and makes accusations like this against his treatment , and in effect , his doctors .
This makes me super pissed off .
The sypmtoms of a massive allergic reaction and of a systemic infection are completely different .
Yet suddenly , she 's an expert .
Statements like this on shows like Oprah , who loves to spread medical ignorance , are completely irresponsible .
I did n't see this as an accusation but an explanation .
People can have allergic reactions to meds they have n't reacted to before without anyone knowing it will happen .
It 's the exposure to the substance that causes the allergy to form .
Like people walking through poison ivy half their lives then suddenly having a bad reaction to it .
Like the thousands of people developing allergies to latex these days , etc .
I saw that show and did n't think she was accusing anyone of anything , more trying to explain to people why he died so suddenly .
She mentioned several times how wonderful his Doctors and nurses and therapists have been and mentioned them by name .
There were no accusations by her .
She said there were a couple of drugs that they had used with Chris in the past to treat his infections with no problems , and they would use them again and he would have an allergic reaction .
It happens a lot .
She said she did n't want an autopsy because there was no blame , she knew it was just his body shutting down .
Drugs he was n't allergic to in the past would suddenly cause massive problems when they tried to use them for a new infection .
She had nothing but praise and gratitude for all his doctors , nurses and care givers .
Again , a true allergic reaction and an infection have different symptoms .
She 's saying all the doctors and other professionals are wrong and she is right .
Also , if any drug causes adverse effects , those effects are supposed to be reported to the FDA so future drug users can be alerted to posible consequences .
If she truely believed what she was saying ( and wa n't just talking out of her ass and probably displaying her denial about her husband 's illness ) she would allow proper data to be gathered so it could be used to help others .
Christopher Reeve had a rare disorder called Mastocytosis .
Drug sensitivities are one of the difficulties of that disorder .
Since they knew he had it , that 's probably why she 's not questioning this issue .
I often wondered how he was doing with all the meds because of his illness , which developed before his paralyzing accident .
It 's actually a testament to his stamina and his doctors that he was able to survive as long as he did with this disorder complicating his care .
I 'm not sure about this disagreement you are speaking of between her version and the doctors version of his cause of death .
Maybe the Dr.s had hypothesized possibilities at the time of death and in the months since then , they may thought of other reasons I do n't know .
I know about allergic reactions and meds , I 've been a nurse for 20 years .
And I get a little defensive myself when a hear a layperson ( although she probably had more knowledge than most about her husband 's diagnosis and treatment ) talking like an expert on TV without knowing all the details .
But as I said , I saw the show and did not get that feeling at all that she was being in any way accusatory or blaming .
She also was not coming off as a know-it-all .
This part of the interview was very off-hand and informal feeling , more like gosh , I do n't think we 'll ever know , maybe it was this , it could have been that .
It was more that she knew many people cared about her husband and wanted to know what his last hours were like .
I know not everyone is enthralled with Dana Reeve , but she had won many people 's respect .
People are interested to know how she 's doing after having lost such a big part of her life , and this really was more what the interview was about .
What I think was quite appalling from what Dana said on the Oprah show was that the doctors wanted to pull the life support from Chris * without her being there.* What in god 's green earth would make a medical professional say such a heartless thing to a soon-to-be-grieving widow ? That doc should lose his medical license --- what a bastard .
I think divorce is really stupid .
It 'll take me awhile to get to thought stream that got me to that thought today .
First off , I 'm remarried , divorced 3 years ago .
I love my wife , and the kids get along just fine .
I do n't like my exwife .
But there was a time when I did like her ; in fact I loved her very much in spite of her numerous flaws , chief among those flaws is that she 's a narcicists .
But we all have some sort of personality problems .... My wife belongs to a support group , and just for fun , they all googled their hubbies ex 's .
Somehow , this lead me to googling my ex 's boyfriend , call him B. And there he was , talking about plans with his wife and kids .
Wow .
To me , B was just this one dimensional guy that was being dragged along by my exwife .
Now , he turns out to have a 3 dimensional life too .
I guess we all do .
I 'd like to take him out for a beer sometime .
It would be fun .
I wonder what happenned to B 's son ? My kids never mentioned B having a son .
B 's son is apparently 16 years old , same age as my daughter .
I wonder if B had a huge messy divorce , and his ex took the kid out of state .
My ex threatened that .
Ouch .
Divorce really sucks .
I have my kids almost 50/50 these days , but it was a huge messy post divorce compromise that took a year to complete .
I wonder if B had to go through some of the same kind of shit ? Perhaps my exwife has more sympathy for what its like to be a guy on the receiving end of a divorce now ? Ok , keep googling .
Oh my , the plot thickens .
I found B 's exwife .
Very articulate writer .
This is really humorous .
She wrote an article about a divorce support group , ending it with something about Mrs. B being happily married but she 's impressed by the divorce support group .
And that was only 4 years ago ! Mr. and Mrs. B had a real life too .
They shared dreams together , raised a kid , and probably had a lot of fun together .
Now I 'm even more curious about the B 's kid .
She still lives in town here .
Maybe there was some sort of terrible tragedy ??? I 'll have to ask about B 's kid when my own kids switch off next week .
Sometimes we want to see marriage one dimensionally .
Either its bad or good .
That 's total bullshit .
I know my first marriage had a lot of good adventures , a lot of friendship , a lot of love .
Oh , yeah , it was n't perfect .
My exwife is a total pain in the ass much of the time , and I tried to let her do what she wanted , sometimes I could n't .
But , even to the end , we loved each other .
And now , I see the lost family ties .
She 's lost my family , I 'm slowly drifting out of touch with her family .
We both build new lives .
New lives .
But you know , as long as the kids are shared , you ca n't total get this exspouse out of your mental psyche .
They say it takes one year for every two that you were married .
I believe that .
Meanwhile , life goes on .
My wife 's name is M. We 're going to a bed and breakfast this weekend , to get away , relax .
M and I are slowly building a history of our own together .
We share adventures together , we share adventure with my kids , and with our dogs .
And , I take lots of pictures .
I really have n't changed very much from who I was before .
Although , the dog thing is really post divorce .
Lots and lots of pictures .
Sometimes I look at the old photos , before divorce .
We smiled together , laughed , hugged .
I was one of the first digital camera users , and I have too many photos from my first marriage .
Sometimes I feel like I 'm racing to create enough photos of my new life to outweigh the long history of my first life .
That 's going to take awhile ... Luckily , we flawed human beings live long lives , and digital cameras take lots and lots of pictures ! If my exwife does n't dump B , maybe they 'll wind up staying together , maybe even getting married .
I think that would be nice .
And they too will begin the process of rebuilding their " together " lives .
I 'm assuming there is some humanity beneath my exwife 's narcicistic shell , but I do believe there is .
B seems like a decent enough person too .
So , B and my ex will be doing the same thing that I 'm doing .
Rebuilding their lives .
Anyway , all of this gets me back to my original point .
Divorce seems really really stupid .
It seems to me , that beneath it all , we all want the same things .
Love , companionship , and a partner for our life 's journies .
None of this makes total sense to me .
But I just thought I 'd ramble .
Hiking Your post made me horribly sad .
My ex has that nice new life with the child-bride and the 2 cats and 2 dogs and new house and my son primarily lives with them even though he ends up being at my place 1/2 the time in a 2-week period .
I live in a 961 sq. ft. apartment .
My ex has most all of the photos as our son lives there and it 's his history .
I did get a good bunch of the wedding photos , but my ex refused to give them all to me saying it was " his life too " even though I really resent them being under the same roof with his child-bride .
I 'm sure they are taking lots of pictures of their trips / vacations / whatever ( at least 2 that I know of ) .
I do n't own a camera .
His new inlaws are all former family friends I do n't have anything to do with anymore for obvious reasons .
His family ( brother , sister , stepmother ) conveniently seem to forget that for almost 20 years I was a member of their family .
There was no gradual " drifting of out touch " despite the fact that we all live in the same city and my ex BIL and I even work within blocks of each other .
My family thinks my ex is pond scum but because my parents are still members at the same church , they have to see my ex and his new wife every week .
My mother took his remarriage harder than I did , I think , because of that .
Divorce * is * really stupid .
Duh-uh .
Especially for those of us who still have so many years ( if one year for every 2 married , then I 've still got another 7 or so ) to go to get our heads screwed back on and find some sort of life that rivals what we had or what our ex has or what you and your ex have .
So far , this is not it .
Barbara Sz .
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) North Korea 's military may have fired a laser at a U.S. helicopter in March , a U.S. official said Tuesday , as the communist state ditched its last legal obligation to keep itself free of nuclear weapons .
The aircraft 's censors detected the unknown type of laser while it was flying near the heavily fortified frontier that divides the two Koreas , the U.S. military official said on condition of anonymity .
No one was injured and no equipment was damaged in the incident .
North Korea said Tuesday that a 1992 agreement with South Korea not to deploy nuclear arms on the Korean Peninsula was nullified , accusing the United States of derailing the deal .
`` The inter-Korean declaration on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was thus reduced to a dead document due to the U.S. vicious hostile policy to stifle the DPRK with nukes , '' said the North 's official news agency , KCNA .
DPRK stands for the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the North 's official name .
The announcement came as U.S. President George W. Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun were about to meet Wednesday in Washington to discuss North Korea 's nuclear programs .
The accord was the last remaining legal obligation under which North Korea was banned from developing atomic arms .
In January this year , North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , a global accord to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons .
A U.S. military official in Seoul , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Tuesday North Korea is believed to have exported US $ 580 million worth of missiles to Iran , Pakistan , Libya , Syria , Egypt , Yemen and the United Arab Emirates in 2001 .
In December , a shipment of North Korean missiles bound for Yemen was briefly stopped in the Arabian Sea .
North Korea accuses the United States of planning to attack the communist country , which Bush has branded part of an `` axis of evil '' along with Iran and Iraq .
It also revived its claim that the U.S. military keeps many nuclear weapons in South Korea , turning the country into `` the biggest nuclear advance base in the Far East .
'' Washington says it wants to use dialogue to resolve the nuclear crisis , although U.S. officials have not ruled out a military option .
North Korea `` keenly felt that the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula would only remain as a daydream unless the U.S. drops its hostile policy toward the DPRK , '' KCNA said .
It said the U.S. invasion of Iraq taught it that `` a war can be averted and the sovereignty of the country and the security of the nation can be protected only when a country has ... a strong military deterrent force capable of decisively repelling any attack to be made by any types of sophisticated weapons .
'' In New York , South Korean President Roh said he will never condone North Korea 's nuclear development , but Seoul and Washington agree the nuclear standoff with the North must be solved peacefully `` by all means .
'' `` It is incumbent upon Pyongyang to give up its nuclear project and come forward as a responsible member of the international community , '' he said .
`` When the North takes this route , the Republic of Korea and the international community will extend the necessary support and cooperation .
'' Julianne Lee , a Roh spokeswoman , said the North Korean statement might be a negotiating ploy in the wake of talks last month with U.S. officials in Beijing .
During the talks in Beijing , U.S. officials said North Korea claimed it already possesses nuclear weapons , and that it had reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods _ a move that could yield several atomic bombs within months .
North Korea offered to drop its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for security guarantees and economic aid , according to U.S. officials .
The nuclear crisis flared in October , when Washington said North Korea admitted having a secret nuclear program in violation of a 1994 treaty with Washington .
HONG KONG , March 27 ( Xinhua ) The Hong Kong Polytechnic University ( PolyU ) presented its " Outstanding Alumni Award " to five alumni here Thursday to pay tribute to their remarkable professional achievements and significant contributions to their alma mater and the community .
Professor John Lee Hak-shan at the Department of Mechanical Engineering of McGill University of Canada , Rebecca Lee Lok-sze , Founder and Director of China Polar Museum Foundation , Humphrey Leung Kwong-wai , President & amp ; Managing Director of Solomon Systech Limited , Liu Sing-cheong , Founder and Managing Director of Pearl River Hang Cheong Real Estate Consultants Ltd , and Samuel Wong King-on , International Deputy President of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants .
Renowned as the world 's first woman explorer who has reached the Arctic , the Antarctica and Mount Everest , Lee has made immense contributions toward polar exploration over the past 20 years .
In 1997 , she successfully founded the China Polar Museum Foundation with a view to consolidating scientific research findings about polar exploration from all over the world to advance global environmental protection .
Launched in 1996 , the biennial alumni selection is jointly organized by PolyU and the Federation of PolyU Alumni Associations for the fourth time , so as to accord public recognition to outstanding graduates of the university .
BELFAST , Britain , April 8 ( Xinhua ) A two-day summit between British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W. Bush ended here Tuesday with both countries trying to minimize splits on UN role in rebuilding Iraq after the ongoing US-led war against the country is over .
As the US-led coalition troops are reportedly thrusting into Baghdad and the second Iraqi city of Basra , Blair and Bush agreed there would be a " vital role " for the United Nations in post-war Iraq .
During their first war summit on March 27 at Camp David , Blair and Bush became divided over what a role the United Nations will play in postwar Iraq , when Bush gave no positive reaction to Blair 's suggestion of a strong UN role .
After the Camp David talks , Blair , who analysts say has been pursuing a special relationship with Washington in order to restore Britain 's traditional role as a transatlantic " bridge " , was forced to readjust his tone .
Blair and Bush were expected to bridge their gap on the issue by reaching an agreement on UN role in post-war Iraq , some analysts said even before this summit at Hillsborough , south of Belfast , the second of its kind since the war broke out on March 20 .
In a joint written statement , the two allies pledged to seek UN Security Council resolutions to affirm Iraq 's territorial integrity , ensure aid delivery and endorse an " appropriate " post conflict administration for Iraq .
" We welcome the appointment by the United Nations Secretary General of a special adviser for Iraq to work with the people of Iraq and coalition representatives , " the statement added .
The United Nations would have a " vital role " in the effort to repair Iraq 's infrastructure , Blair told reporters at a news conference after his talks with Bush , downplaying UN role in emphasizing that ultimately the country must be run by the Iraqi people .
" The key is that Iraq in the end should be governed by the Iraqi people , " Blair said , pledging that British and US forces would not stay in the country " a day longer than necessary " .
It was a " false choice " to debate whether Iraq should be run by coalition forces or the United Nations , said Blair , who was believed to be in favor of a stronger UN role in post-conflict Iraq than Bush .
Echoing Blair , Bush said the UN would play a role in all aspects of post-war Iraq , from humanitarian aid to a future interim authority , adding that Iraq would " move as quickly as possible " to an interim authority made up of Iraqis from inside and outside the country .
However , when pressed on what precisely the UN role would be , Bush on Tuesday mentioned only humanitarian work , " suggesting " people to staff the interim authority and helping Iraq " progress .
" " When we say vital role for the United Nations , we mean vital role for the United Nations in all aspects of the issue , whether it be humanitarian aid , or whether it be helping to stand up an interim authority .
The Iraqi people will decide who 's on the Iraqi interim authority , " said Bush .
Bush did not spell out how much power the United Nations would have , nor did he elaborate on Washington 's plans to place US officials alongside Iraqis in the interim administration .
Differences still remain between the United States and Britain , analysts said , over the speed with which Iraq should be handed to an interim Iraqi administration , and the extent to which a US-led group of generals and former diplomats should effectively run the country .
Yet , analysts argued , both Britain and the United States hope their agreed vision of a postwar scenario will placate anti-war nations such as France , Germany and Russia .
" We will move as quickly as possible to place governmental responsibilities under the control of an interim authority composed of Iraqis from both inside and outside the country , " Bush vowed at the joint news conference with Blair , adding that the interim authority would serve until a permanent government could be chosen by the Iraqi people .
" Rebuilding of Iraq will require the support and expertise of the international community .
We are committed to working with international institutions , including the United Nations , which will have a vital role to play in this task , " Bush added .
Blair also pleaded the world to avoid " endless diplomatic wrangles " over the future of Iraq like the international dispute over a second UN resolution on Iraq that preceded the war .
France and Germany , which were most vocal in opposing this US led war against Iraq , have been insisting that the United Nations should play a central role in the phase of post-war Iraq .
On the unresolved dispute between Europe and the United States , analysts say , Blair might again have to make a difficult choice , but he is very likely to support the United States , which Britain can not afford to fall out with .
My roommate was hospitalized in mid-November for lung surgery and spent several days on loads of pain medication .
On the fourth day of his stay , he was moved out of the ICU to the step-down unit , with a diagnosis of " ICU Psychosis secondary to narcotic administration " and post thoracostomy .
" He was confused , because of the medication but was not aggressive or threatening in any manner .
I saw him each day and as soon as we spoke , he became oriented and was perfectly fine .
This was witnessed by both the nursing staff and his doctors .
During the early evening hours of his sixth hospital day , he got up , dressed , pulled his chest tube out and managed to get out of the hospital and across four lanes of busy evening traffic , to our apartment .
By the time he got to our home , he was very short of breath and there was a nurse and orderly who told me " he 's crazy and just walked out .
" I sat him down on the couch and talked to him , and asked him what had happened .
He said he 'd asked for something for pain and they told hime he could n't have anything .
Then the orderly was apparently rude to him , and that 's when he got up and decided to come home .
A short time later , two police officers showed up and told me they had to take him back to the hospital .
He went back with the officers , gave them no problems at all .
I received a call from the shift supervisor who told me they 'd replaced his chest tube , given him some pain medication and he was doing much better .
I told her to pass on the other shifts that if he became confused or upset to call me , and I 'd talk to him , and get him settled down .
At 2:15 the next morning , I received a call from the night shift supervisor who told me my friend had been " verbally abusive and aggressive " and would I come over and talk to him .
So , I went over there , getting to his room right at 2:30 .
There were two cops there and I asked what had happened .
My roommate was in bed , sound asleep , and had all of his clothes on .
A nurse said , " He beat two of us up .
The cops are here because we 're pressing charges .
" I 've lived with this man 9 years and never in that time have I ever seen him be aggressive , violent or abusive in anyway .
I asked to speak to the two nurses whom he 'd alledgedly hit and was told I could n't do that .
An hour or so passed and the got my roommate out of bed , took his chest tube out and discharged him .
He was sent to another hospital with a psych unit until his psychosis resolved .
I was given copies of a citation for simple assault and battery , then went to the police station several days later to find out what other paperwork was available on this incident .
I was given a copy of a different citation , but with the identical information from the one I 'd gotten the night of the incident .
The police report has the victim saying she was " choked to where she almost lost consciousness , struck in the face with a belt buckle and it had left large marks , and that he 'd grabbed her breasts and left marks .
According to the police report , this woman never reported to the ER for verification of the injuries and no one else can verify exactly what happened to provoke this incident .
My roommate has no recollection of the time from the day before the incident happened until he woke up at the other hospital .
He was cited for simple assault and battery .
If there is no evidence , and that includes the belt buckle , how can the county prosecute this case .
? All of his belongings were returned to me upon his discharge , with the exception of the belt buckle .
The police do not have it and the hospital does n't know what happened to it .
Also , I was looking at both citations , I did n't get to the hospital until 2:30 am , and the officer has the time of incident as being at 2:34 am .
Does anyone besides me see a problem with any of this ? What kind of recourse does my roommate have in all of this ? Thanks from Oklahoma You need an attorney right away .
You are not going to be able to poke holes in this case with Internet advice .
In addition , I 's suggest raising the stakes .
The hospital obviously knew that your friend was having head problems , and they improperly treated him by not sending him to a psych ward , which allowed the situation to get worse until the point where he assaulted someone .
Sue them for malpractice , and make the number big enough to get some serious attention. john ============================== ============================== ========== John A. Weeks III 952-432-2708 j ... @ johnweeks.com Newave Communications ============================== ============================== ========== Get a criminal defense lawyer ( I do n't say that very often on this newsgroup ) .
If your roommate cannot afford one , contact your roommate 's parents about paying for one , or ask about getting a court appointed lawyer .
Tell the lawyer that you will help with the case ( do administrative stuff , etc ) in any way that would help him / her defend your roommate .
I am having a difficult time putting my feelings into words right now , so bear with me .
First of all , I want to congratulate the Auburn Football team for doing what no other Auburn football team has done ; going 12-0 .
They also won their first outright SEC title since 1987 and won their first SEC title since the conference implimented the Championship game format .
A year ago , the program was in disarray and the coach was one poorly executed plane trip away from being fired by an over-zealous and too empowered booster with a fat checkbook .
Since that day , the team is undefeated and has won 14 games in a row .
They have now beated four teams that were in the top 15 at the time the games were played , and two of those games were won away from Jordan-Hare Stadium .
On championship weekend , the big three all played .
USC won by five over a shitty UCLA team with a 6-5 record , and that was thanks in part to an official who blew dead a clear and obvious fumble that would have been returned for a UCLA touchdown .
Oklahoma played in it 's conference title game against a four-loss Colorado team that ca n't throw the ball .
The result was a 40 plus point beatdown , but what did anyone expect ? Auburn played 15th ranked Tennessee and was attempting to do one of the toughest things to do in college football : beating a team twice in the same year .
With the exception of a 15 yard shanked punt and a punt snap that Kody Bliss missed while having an apparent thrombosis , Auburn led 21-7 at the half and had held UT to 46 yards of offense .
While the Auburn running game was held up , Jason Campbell threw it all over the ball field and , when his receivers were covered , he ran for yardage on his own .
This despite several late hits to the head , low hits at his knees and ankles , and various other assaults outside the realm of good sportsmanship .
Tennessee scored on a pass play that was incorrectly ruled a touchdown , since the ball clearly touched the turf , and that 's where the momentum of the game changed .
I think it was also at that point that the scoreboard began to reflect Auburn 's last title hopes dying as the Oklahoma-Colorado score would have begun showing the beat-down that was occuring .
Auburn was tied 21-21 and in jeapordy of losing it most important game ever , but senior QB Jason Campbell would have none of it .
Auburn won going away 38-28 , and the only place the game looked close was on the scoreboard .
I ca n't believe that an undefeated SEC team is not playing for a title , but I guess we can thank Jeff Sagarin and the other dicks that keep voting USC number one to make up for what happened to them last year .
All I know is that they better think that way next year , because it 's Auburn that got screwed this year .
And what 's better is that Auburn gets to play one of the three hottest teams in the country in my opinion .
Virginia Tech is talented , very athletic and one of the most well coached teams in the country and they WILL come to play on January 3rd .
I hope our kids can shake off this travesty and focus on making the pollsters look like idiots .
Maybe an Oklahoma win in a butt-ugly game and a great Auburn performance could help .
What 's the definition of pragmatic ? Going undefeated and chanting " We 're number TWO !! " War Eagle there was a time when offspring of London 's rich and famous were rolled through Hyde Park by black-clad Nannies Pushing Silver Cross prams .
The high-end baby carriage company went bust last year .
But a toymaker and one man 's dream have put the silver cross pram back on the stroller circuit .
Here 's Jim Boulden .
reporter : A well-heeled baby like Princess , seen .
The distinctive Karbages Stroll tlued London 's fashionable parks way nanny at the ready .
That is , until silver cross went out of business last year .
All is not lost for the rich and famous baby .
A Toy Company bought the silver cross name so they could make toy versions .
Then one former worker persuaded the company to let him make the real ones again .
I went away for two weeks , reflected on my future and feel I could n't convince myself until it was over .
I felt t7ire was something else too , much history behind silver cross to end is now .
reporter : He bought the machinery , moved to a new factory , rehired some of the old workers and started heritage programs .
It 's been near lay year since the last programme was manufactured at the old factory .
This one is bellmore Oh 1 , the first to cull off the new line and destined for Harrod 's .
It was hand delivered to Harrod Harrod 's by the new chief executive Nick Paxton who would n't trust its futcher to anyone else .
The store is now The United States Navy and Coast Guard crews are providing port security in the Persian Gulf during the Iraq war .
And one group of sailors is getting letters from elementary school children in North Carolina .
The students are getting inspiration from their teacher , who has a personal connection , as CNN 's Daryn Kagan reports .
It started as a story on port security , how U.S. Navy and Coast Guard reserves are keeping ships safe from attack in Kuwait and Iraq .
( on camera ) : The mission of these units is to protect these ports .
( voice-over ) : But among the boats , guns , radar , sonar and communications , we found a secret weapon posted on the side of the tent that serves as the command center : letters from second-graders .
Each one starts the same way .
" Dear brave friend .
" " Dear brave friend .
" " Dear brave friend .
Hello .
My name is Ryan .
I am in second grade .
You are keeping the United States of America safe .
You are ... " " You are my best friend .
You can keep this in your bag .
Sincerely , Ryan .
" I 'm the big brother .
It turns out this is actually a story about a brother , Lieutenant Commander Mike Roberts , and a supportive sister , Christine Cupolo .
Yes , I do .
My brother is in Kuwait .
My sister is a grammar school teacher in Clayton , North Carolina .
He was sent over right next to the Persian Gulf now since New Year 's Eve .
And this is one of many deployments he 's been on , but this one is probably the most crucial .
Her second-graders were very interested in sending some letters out to the troops .
So , I knew that , at one point or another , my children needed to write .
I thought that would be a real uplifting experience for the troops .
And she says : " Dear brave friend .
Hello .
My name is Amanda .
" " We would have to say that you are a very brave person .
When the war starts , your heart will be in our souls .
" For these kids to takes time to read letters to us and stuff like that in their class , what more can you ask ? Just keep it going .
There will be more letters on the way .
Back in North Carolina , the Riverwood Elementary second-graders are working on the next batch .
Absolutely .
You might want to mention that in your letter as well .
This time , they hope the sailors will write back with answers to their questions .
So you want to know how fast the dolphins there are swimming ? OK .
I would write that down .
I would say : " Dear , friend , I have some questions for you .
I want to know about the dolphins that are helping you out over there .
" Can you do that ? Do you think you could ask them a question ? Sure .
They will be happy to answer it .
We started work on our letters the last week of February and worked on them the first week of March and sent them out a few weeks ago .
And they got the letters pretty quickly over there .
But I think this helps me stay closer to my brother .
Any message to your sister ? Yes .
I 'd just like to tell her , thank you very much , Christine .
Hope you 're doing well in North Carolina .
And thank you very much to your students for all the support and the letters that they sent out to us .
Their second-grade work keeping watch over those who keep watch in the Persian Gulf .
Daryn Kagan , CNN , Kuwait .
Those letters important at both ends .
That 's it for this hour .
I 'm Judy Woodruff in Washington .
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE .
France , Russia and Germany today restated their opposition to any new U.N. Security Council that could threaten Saddam Hussein 's grip on power .
Secretary of State Colin Powell goes to the U.N. tomorrow to do what he can .
We 're talking with potential war in Iraq with Congressman Charlie Rangel , a New York Democrat and his fellow New Yorker Republican Congressman Peter King .
Mr. King , thanks for stying with us through the break .
One of the reasons that we like having you on , and as well as Mr. Rangel , is that , you know , this is war , as we were saying in the last segment .
You treat it with the gravity and the seriousness that it deserves .
And you 're a congressman who has put his constituents and his country ahead of his partisan interests .
So I wonder if you 'll join Charlie Rangel , who put out a press release today , decrying the Republican attempt to hijack a bill to help our servicemen to use it to give special interest tax breaks to corporations .
Is n't that wrong in a time of war ? The important thing is that the bill pass for the military .
If the other stuff 's in there , it 's there .
I mean to me , the main purpose should be the military .
I 'm not going to disagree with Charlie 's point .
On the other hand , often when bills are passed , there are things attached to them .
So to me , the key thing is that we ought to be taking care of the military and that 's what we should do .
Congressman Rangel , a couple of months ago Senator Daschle on CBS said made the charge that we are , quote , " we have n't made any real progress in the war against al Qaeda .
" A lot of Democrats said similar things .
This weekend Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the No. 2 member of al Qaeda and another significant al Qaeda member were captured in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Does n't it turn out that Mr. Daschle and others did n't know what they were talking about and maybe they should n't make charges like that in public when they do n't know what they were talking about ? You would agree with that , would n't you ? If they do n't have the pencil that 's keeping score , they ought to keep their mouth shut because as a former federal prosecutor , every drug dealer I busted was the most important drug dealer in the world .
You just pass out numbers on whoever you arrest .
Why was he No. 3 ? Why was n't he No. 4 ? Well , I do n't know .
Because he helped plan the attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon ? I think that puts you pretty high up in the organization .
Let me tell you , when you arrest somebody , you describe who you 're arresting .
I have n't the slightest clue who this guy was .
I have n't heard anybody suggest that he 's not one of the central figures in al Qaeda .
Have you ? Listen , we should be arresting a lot of people .
But I think the main thing that we have now is we should concentrate on Osama bin Laden , we should concentrate on dismantling Saddam Hussein .
We should do all of those things , but the most important thing is we should not have the arrogance to have a preemptive strike against a defenseless nation without the ... A defenseless nation ? They have biological weapons .
How are they defenseless ? And how 'd they get them ? Listen , if this is ... It was our fault that they have biological and chemical weapons ? Come on .
Let me tell you .
They have it and we supported them having it when they were fighting Iran so it 's no big deal there .
And the thing is that if we can disarm them without actually going there , killing them , I really think that we maintain our moral authority around the world .
We have a lot of people ... ... that have dangerous weapons .
I mean , what happens if India decides that they could have a preemptive strike against Pakistan ? What happens if the North Koreans take another look ? Our country is great enough and strong enough to maintain the moral authority to convince the international community that we 're right .
I do n't think we have to kill to prove that .
I 'm sorry to have to do this , but we are out of time .
I want have Congressman Peter King from New York back on , and Congressman Charlie Rangel .
Thank you both for a very interesting debate .
One of the most admired men in the world is doing everything he can to avert the horror of war .
In a minute we will look at His Holiness , John Paul II 's efforts to be a peacemaker .
Later , the author of " Vanity Fair 's " scary new look at the King of Pop , Michael Jackson .
You will not want to miss this .
Stay with us .
My name is Christina Wright ( ph ) .
I 'm from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
And I was just curious if you feel that the attack on Iraq would actually open a Pandora 's box in other Middle Eastern countries that we are known to aid and harbor terrorists , such as Syria and Iran .
It might .
I mean that 's absolutely one of the fears .
That it would destabilize the entire region .
On the other hand , the region is pretty unstable , filled with people who already hate Americans and seek to do America harm .
So the question is , could it be worse ? Our president believes it will set off a positive domino effect of democracy through the region .
Maybe he 's right .
I do n't think he 's thought it through .
I think it 's more likely that this very unstable region could cause even more problems .
Oh , come on .
That 's silly .
Hi .
I 'm Fabian from Bonn , Germany .
And my question is , after today 's meeting in Paris , where France , Russia and Germany decided to not back a second resolution , who is not ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) ? Is it the U.S. or is it old Europe ? It 's actually Western Europe , because 18 European countries are on the side of the United States .
So France and Germany that 's actually true find themselves in the minority on their own continent .
And good .
Only Great Britain is with us .
The only country ... What do you mean only Great Britain ? My question is not who votes at the U.N. Who sends troops to die on our side ? Nobody except Great Britain .
We are isolated .
From the left , I am Paul Begala .
Goodnight for CROSSFIRE .
From the right , I 'm Tucker Carlson .
Join us again tomorrow night for yet more CROSSFIRE .
and now joining us by phone from Liverpool with more on the Harry Potter Heist is Caroline Forham , press officer with the mercy side police .
It 's come to stealing childrens books , is it ? I think these are profitable childrens book .
So very popular .
I think that people think they probably are lucrative for them .
As you mentioned , if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted .
is that why you think they were stolen , sale before the deadline or after ? I think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books .
But I know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them .
I think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days .
We have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them .
considering how much publicity was circulating about this book , there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot .
What kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books ? the books were stolen from a warehouse , they have their own security measures .
They did have their CCPB operational , we are looking at that to see if It has been suggested that there is , or was at one time , some sort of delegates ' motion which established a minimum period between the time someone could leave the EB and the time someone could be hired by the USCF .
I do n't know if this is so , and I really think it 's sort of irrelevant .
It 's irrelevant because the REAL question is whether an active board member can , while on the board , arrange to be given money by the USCF .
Of course it 's in the bylaws that an active board member cannot be given money by the USCF while on the board .
It ought to be pretty obvious that it would be entirely contrary to the spirit of this for an active board member to be money after leaving the board .
Suppose , for example , there were to be a proposal to the effect that each EB member would be given $10,000 upon the expiration of his / her term .
Clearly this would be a transparent attempt to evade the bylaws and would fail .
If the board cannot vote to give themselves present money , they cannot vote to give themselves future money either .
Furthermore , it does n't matter whether this arrangement is embodied in an EB vote or not , or whether the discussion of the proposal takes place in a formal EB meeting or not .
A board member , while on the board , is supposed to be representing the interests of the USCF , not feathering his / her nest , in the present or in the future .
If a board member makes such arrangements , it is clearly an ethics violation , clearly a violation of the bylaws , possibly endangers our tax-exempt status , and is possibly a violation of law as well .
The purpose of having a " time limit " would be as a mechanism to ensure compliance with the above principles ; that is , you would have a time limit because it would reduce the likelihood that someone would be tempted to violate the above prohibition ; it would give the voters time to elect a new EB that would consider the issues objectively .
Of course , it is possible that someone could leave the board without ever having discussed being compensated by the board in the future , and that then the remaining members could , for good reason , hire that person .
It would create questions among the suspicious and avoiding this appearance of wrongdoing would be another good reason for a time limit but it would n't automatically be an ethics or bylaws violation .
But this is neither here nor there , because the fact that Randy Bauer is already talking about Beatriz Marinello as the USCF 's new " move coordinator " , whatever that involves , and whether or not it means that she would be the de facto interim ED , means that at some level and in some form these discussions HAVE already taken place , while Marinello is serving as President .
I mean , it 's conceivable that the other six have all gotten together in Marinello 's absence and drafted her , but it also seems pretty clear that she has agreed to do it , and , if all the rumors are true and she steps down , it will be so that she can take on these new responsibilities .
So the 'time limit' issue does n't even come up .
We pretty much know that Marinello , while on the board , has arranged to get future money from the USCF .
So we already have a problem .
If this is NOT a problem , I wish someone would explain to me why not .
Now , Stan B. argues that Marinello 's services are in fact indispensible as move coordinator , and that ethics standards are not a suicide pact , so that since we absolutely NEED her the EB has the right to go ahead and retain her .
I agree with the principle .
But I think that to make this argument work the EB would have to produce some evidence that Marinello really IS indispensible for this task .
This would have to include evidence that the EB had considered all the alternatives , including : delegating the whole thing to the Interim ED , which would be the normal practice in normal organizations with an ED asking the Interim ED to designate someone from the New Windsor staff to act as move coordinator asking the Interim ED to hire some other consultant with experience in office relocation to manage the job ( there are such people ) conducting some kind of actual search for candidates for the position during the last two months since the move was decided upon If they did consider alternatives , it would also have to include evidence that Marinello has much more experience at relocating offices than other people , or is willing to do the job cheaper ( although this would n't constitute being " indispensible " in my view ) .
If , however , they just looked around the room and said " who is going to manage this ? " and someone said , " Beatriz , how about you ? " , this does not constitute proof that her services are indispensible , and thus it would n't interfere with my belief that there has been an ethics violation and a bylaws violation .
One very bad argument that was made by Kevin Bachler , which to be fair was surrounded by arguably better ones , was that since this board was elected , we should let them do as they please .
Which is to say that there might as well not be bylaws , ethics standards , laws , etc. , since an elected board is not bound by any of them .
I think this idea should be rejected .
Another argument , which is better but still disturbing , is that , yes , this is an ethics violation , and maybe worse , but it would only hurt the USCF to talk about it , and that only troublemakers like Sam Sloan , Larry Parr , and , I suppose , me , would talk about it , since doing so will obstruct the federation 's plans , cause us to pay legal expenses , run the risk of our being stuck without any office space at all , cause people not to loan us money , and so forth .
So we should all ignore this because it is realistic to do so .
I 'm not entirely unsympathetic to this , actually .
But frankly I think that a whole lot of the problems the USCF has had over the years have had to do with well-intentioned people keeping secrets because bringing them out in the open would harm the USCF , and as a result we have awful habits which hurt the USCF even worse .
But if we are going to talk about realism , here is another realistic concern : I predict that , if , in fact , the rumors about the agenda for the Florida meeting prove true , and Marinello resigns as President and is hired as move coordinator , the immediate result of this is that Sam Sloan will file another lawsuit ( or amend his current complaint ) charging the USCF EB members with self-dealing , violation of the USCF 's own bylaws , and every other thing , report us to the IRS , and demand that all USCF moneys which might be used to paid Marinello be frozen .
This is not based on any communication from Sam , direct or indirect .
It is just logical .
If he is willing to file a lawsuit on the basis of New York non-profit organization law , which might or might not be applicable to the USCF , why would n't he file a lawsuit on the basis of the USCF 's violation of its own bylaws , which unquestionably ARE applicable to the USCF ? I wrote a few days ago quoting my own employer association 's attorney , who said that courts mostly let associations do what they want UNLESS they violate their own bylaws .
It is irritating enough to get sued by Sam Sloan ; imagine how irritating it would be to get sued by Sam Sloan and BEATEN by Sam Sloan because you have done something so egregious that a court is forced to agree with him. petrel time now to check the business news with Carrie Lee in New York .
Carrie .
A you said it , Renay .
The Dow was in negative territory much of the day .
A couple stocks losing ground , Coca Cola , down 6.1 % .
They did okay on the profit quarter , but the taste vowel came in late for all the regions that 's why it is selling off today .
You can see the Nasdaq Pretty Nice gains holding steady throughout the day , mainly due to Intel and Microsoft .
They 're in flu enshall on thed ? Hey had better than expected profit reports for the recent quarter .
They both had good things to say going forward upping or reiterating 2003 guidance .
Good solid reports .
Motor row La. cutting another 3,000 jobs by the end of the year .
Profits for the end of the year did see profit as well .
Motorola and Texas instruments both in the chips base as well swinging to profits as well , with sales up 20 % .
Finally Amr , the stock gained 15 % yesterday , today 's shares up another Sen.8 % .
The flight attendants have until 6:00 today to ratify labor concessions .
The pilots union and ground crew did so yesterday .
The flight attendants came in with a close vote rejecting these concessions so the CEO has extended the deadline today , if they do n't ratify these agreements , Amr will have to file for bankruptcy .
Investors are betting they will agree , 16.8 % to the upside is certainly a vote of confidence .
Back to you , guys .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. Portland Trail Blazers coach Maurice Cheeks received permission Monday to interview for the Philadelphia 76ers ' vacant coaching job , possibly dooming the candidacy of Eddie Jordan , a Nets assistant who interviewed for that same position earlier this week .
Cheeks , a former Sixers star , is believed to be Philadelphia 's top choice to replace Larry Brown , who resigned last week as coach and was introduced Monday as the coach of the Detroit Pistons .
Portland finally gave Cheeks the go-ahead to interview with the Sixers , according to a league source familiar with the discussions .
The Cleveland Cavaliers also formally introduced Paul Silas as their coach Monday .
Jordan met with the Sixers on Sunday , according to a person close to the situation .
Jordan declined to comment on the conversation .
While Jordan has been rumored to be a candidate for a number of spots , only Toronto and Philadelphia have inquired about him .
Brown takes over a team that won an Eastern Conference-leading 50 games and advajcuf to the conference finals before being swept by the Nets .
Detroit holds the No. 2 pick in the upcoming NBA draft .
Silas is taking over a team that lost 65 games and will pin its future on the high school phenom LeBron James .
2 .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
How many people work there , and what is the hierarchy ? Who works for whom ? What kind of job do you have ? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do .
Do you think your company is well-run ? If not , what could make it better ? Hello .
Hi , this is Alexander from Minnesota .
Yeah , I 'm Bill from , uh , Tampa , Florida .
Hey , g interesting topic .
Yeah .
Eh , what kind of job do you do , sir ? What does the work at your place ? Well , actually , I 'm self employed .
And I , uh , what I do is I whole sale cars .
So , I I really do n't have any workers , I just work by myself .
Uh , I guess I just have one that helps me once in a while to pick up cars and deliver them .
But , uh , that 's uh interesting that they called me on that .
So you guys but what kind of culture do you have if you work two people work , that should be some sort of every place has But the atmosphere of , you know , how things are done , who 's in command and how , you know , decisions are made , and Right .
And they also did say that , uh , previous work places , too , so Yeah .
Okay , wh uh I I I can talk about that .
Where wh - Go a go ahead , you can talk about your previous work place .
Yeah , wh Yeah , I was going to ask you where you work , too .
I work with a pharmaceutical company .
I we have a little over three hundred and some (( million )) employees .
Oh wow .
And what do you do there ? You know .
I work as a patient care advocate .
And I I work as an onli I do online , you know , online , uh , pharmaceutical company where I have filled and refilled take orders sent back to us online .
Oh , okay .
That 's interesting .
And , you know , and I have a company , as well , set up .
I think we have the account manager , and we have the vice president .
We have super team lead team leads , uh I and then have operations specialist .
We have , you know , I team managers , training managers .
It 's a very big company .
Yeah , and I think that the atmosphere is very good , I Right .
Yeah .
Well , I think that 's important to to have a good atmosphere and also , uh , uh , i know who who really is in charge , uh , you know , and and know who you have to answer to .
Because sometimes , y I I I did I years ago I had a company that was , uh , it was , uh , I was a subs s captive sub-contractor for making packaging material .
And , um , there were a lot of salesmen in the company , they had a tendency to , you know , there was there was , uh , a chain of command , you might say .
You know , there was , uh , the person that was the , uh , head of the organization .
But , all the salesmen used to come around and give orders , too , you know .
So it made it kind of difficult for the m for my employees , because they would the salesmen would be coming out , uh , uh , without consulting with the one that was in charge .
They would just be coming out and giving orders when they should already went through him .
So it made it difficult .
So I I I think it 's really important to h have that really clear .
That that there 's some organized way to deal with , uh , problems and orders and things like that , and if there is a problem , then you go to the person who 's in charge and then they can handle it .
So , that was that that 's just a you know , a previous , uh , type of work that I had .
And I and tha I think that 's what they wanted us to talk about , too , right ? Yeah .
Yeah , that 's that 's that 's I think it 's just basically , is (( )) one of the things I perceive is if what kind of , you know , environment is it , and is it inviting is it , you know , all that they I guess that 's what they 're aiming at .
You know , it 's not a place where everybody trying to give instruction and everybody trying to do , you know .
Uh , but I for my job is i i we have us a very diverse feel .
We have a lot of people who are from different country , and , you know , and I think they are pretty much accepting , and I , you know , I bas basically you you can promote yourself if you do a good job , I mean , they do n't pick and choose , you know .
Right .
It 's a very environment that allows you to grow in .
And I think they thinks I rightfully do n't , if like if I have a problem , like , I 'll freshly go to my team lead or the supervisor and she takes it to her boss , and , you know , the boss takes it to the next level and , you know , something like that .
Right .
Yeah , but that I feel like that that 's very important .
Uh , for a company to be well-run , it has to have , uh , a c it 's t has to be able to send a clear message as to how to handle problems and who who is the one that 's uh , uh , indicated for for those problems to handle .
And and people those in the company need to be um instructed to know wh where their relative place is in the company .
So that they they do n't overstep their bounds .
Yeah .
Because when that happens , and it that makes , uh , that creates problems for the employees .
It makes them discontent .
I mean , if they if they can be , eh , um , you know , jumped on arbitrarily by just about anybody , then pretty soon , you know , they 're they 're they 're not going to be content at all , they 're just going to wonder , well when when 's the next hit going to come , you know .
When 's somebody else going to jump on me ? 1 .
Future Elections Who do you think should run for President / Vice President in 2008 , and why ? Give details about the people you suggest their names , what they do now , and why you think they would do a good job as President .
Some names that have come up in the press are Hillary Clinton , Colin Powell , Barak Obama , Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jeb Bush .
What do you think of these candidates ? Who would hate to see run for President in 2008 ? Ah , but yeah , I do n't know who should run , I do n't think Hillary can uh can make it , to be honest with you .
Do n't you ? She would be my s well you know what , actually , I liked Dean a lot I must say , in this election .
And I think it was just Yeah .
Yeah .
stupid how much flack he got .
Like I just I like the idea of bringing in somebody Yeah .
with a fresh , with a different perspective , who was n't already just part of that whole political wheel .
Right .
Yeah .
You know , because I think by the time they get to office , it really does n't really matter who is , you know , Yeah , they 're still under the gun of the same big who 's in there .
They 're so corporate giants or whatever .
Well , that 's right , that 's right .
So um Mhm .
Yeah , so I do n't know I w I was quite excited to have somebody that was coming from a really different perspective .
But that got shot out of the water .
Mhm hm .
I I like Hillary .
I I Yeah .
Yeah .
I like her , she 's my Senator , of course .
Well , of course .
That 's right .
But I do n't I do n't think she could make it .
And I think she 's a I mean she 's a strong woman , you know in terms of having Mhm .
Mhm .
a a woman , potentially , as President , I mean , I think she 's the strongest Do some reading candidate we 've had in a long time .
Do s Do some reading on the governors , of New Mexico , or is it Arizona , and particularly Kansas , and the governor of North Carolina .
Oh , really ? Do some reading on those three people , those are some people you should be really looking uh looking at , if y if uh You 're obviously a qu a pretty politically savvy kind of guy , are n't you ? Well , I was the one , who just happened to go home back in like nineteen eighty or something and saw Bill Clinton Oh , yeah ? on on television .
He we ha I came from a small town in Tennessee called Paris , and there 's two stations we can pick up , one Okay .
from Jackson , a little town , and the other was from Nashville , a big town .
So we got most of our ~ TV from Jackson , so I was flipping through the channels , and I saw this little guy , uh the governor of Arkansas giving a speech .
Yep .
I said , that guy could be President .
Is that right ? I only heard about two minutes of him speaking .
You know , he was articulate , he was charming , he was young .
And I said , that guy could be president .
Yep .
Yep .
And um so then when I heard he was running , those four years later uh , eight years later , whatever it was .
Because it was a long time later .
Sure .
I saw him , and I was telling all my friends , oh , vote for vote for this guy , Bill Clinton , vote for him .
They were saying , oh no , no , that old country dump .
He do n't know nothing .
I said , he 's a Rhodes scholar , he 's smart .
He 's and he 's funny and he 's good .
Oh no , no , he 's too young , and he came from that little , little podunk g uh state he never did anything .
I said , he 's going to be President .
I was telling all my friends .
I said , you know , and I was before they said , well , I thought you supported George Bush , and I said , well I did support George Bush , but he does n't know what he 's doing and he needs to go .
And uh so I says vote for him , vote for him , vote for him , you know .
And they voted for Jerry Brown and all these crazy people .
Yeah , that 's right .
Oh , is that right ? And I says , you 're just wasting your vote , why are you doing that ? He needs your help .
So I went and volunteered for him and everything , and and I met Hillary , and and Tipper and Al , and and I almost got to meet him .
Oh , is that right ? Really ? Uh-huh .
I worked at the Democrats Convention and everything .
Uh-huh , yeah .
Very cool , very cool .
And uh it was great , I had a good time , and they What great experience .
Yeah , and they fed us , and had a party for us , all that kind of stuff , you know .
So it was fun .
But it worked out .
But I think we they better go back to a governor from like uh Well , sure .
uh North Carolina , or like the one from Kansas .
She 's very tall , she reminds you of uh Christie Whitman , the governor of New Jersey , remember her ? Yep .
Okay ? She 's tall , kind of mm bush butch .
Ac kind of .
She 's uh you know , like she played basketball or something like that .
Real smart , quiet-spoked but stern , you know .
Yeah , not not real feminine , yeah .
Eh sure .
And so I she she can give that demeanor that people like in leaders , of being the big Well , people want to feel secure , right ? And who 's in that position ? They want to feel that they 're trustworthy and honorable , and I think , you know yeah .
Yeah , but Clinton did so many fantastic things during his term in office , but he shot himself on the foot with all of his personal garbage , you know , and I think that overshadowed how brilliant he was as President .
Yeah .
It does .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) A suicide bomber detonated explosives at the entrance to a crowded mall in northern Israel on Monday , killing at least four shoppers and wounding 20 in the fifth such attack in two days .
The spate of bombings underscored how difficult it will be to carry out the U.S. - backed `` road map '' plan , a three-stage prescription for ending violence immediately and setting up a Palestinian state by 2005 .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Monday 's attack at the Shaarei Amakim mall in the working class town of Afula , which has been targeted repeatedly by Palestinian militants because of its proximity to the West Bank .
The Islamic militant group Hamas carried out four bombings over the weekend .
The Afula explosion _ the 95th in 32 months of fighting _ went off at 5:14 p.m .
( 1414 gmt ) at the entrance to the mall , reportedly as shoppers were waiting in line for a security check .
Malls and other public places have significantly stepped up security since the outbreak of Israeli-Palestinian fighting in September 2000 .
The explosion killed the attacker and four shoppers , police said .
Twenty people were wounded , including several who were in serious condition .
Earlier Monday , a 19-year-old Palestinian riding a bicycle detonated a 30-kilo ( 66-pound ) bomb near a military jeep in the Gaza Strip , injuring three soldiers .
In response the spate of bombings , Israel threatened to boycott foreign envoys who meet with Yasser Arafat .
Israel holds the Palestinian leader responsible for the latest violence , even though the recent attacks were carried out by Islamic militants .
Hamas said Monday it has no intention of halting attacks , despite Egypt 's efforts to have Palestinian militant groups agree to a one-year suspension of shootings and bombings .
In a renewed mediation attempt , Egyptian envoys have been holding meetings in Gaza and Damascus in recent days with leaders of the militant groups .
The armed groups say they might agree to a truce if Israel promises to stop hunting militants _ a proposal Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has turned down .
A Hamas leader , Abdel Aziz Rantisi , said Monday that `` legitimate resistance will continue as long as occupation exists on our holy land .
'' Asked whether Hamas was challenging Abbas , Rantisi said only that there was no point in trying to negotiate with Sharon , whom he called a `` terrorist .
'' Israel said there will be no letup in its campaign against those involved in violence .
Israel `` will continue to fight terror everywhere , at any time and in any way possible , '' a Cabinet statement said Sunday , after a Hamas suicide bomber killed seven Israelis on a Jerusalem bus earlier in the day .
The ministers also decided to cold-shoulder foreign envoys who meet with Arafat .
`` Whoever wants to visit Arafat can visit Arafat but he wo n't be allowed to meet senior Israeli officials , '' said a senior Sharon adviser , Raanan Gissin .
Israel first threatened such a boycott several weeks ago , but enforced it only selectively .
The European Union on Monday dismissed the decision and a spokeswoman said EU leaders will continue to involve Arafat in the search for peace .
Arafat , who has been confined by Israel to the West Bank town of Ramallah for more than a year , accused Israel of inciting against him .
`` Not to forget I condemned it completely , these terrorist activities , '' Arafat said Monday in halting English , speaking before the Afula bombing .
`` At the same time , you should remember ( Israel 's ) incitement policy against me .
This is to increase the siege around me .
Where did it happen that a president was forbidden from moving out of his office ? '' The new Palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , has denounced violence against Israelis , but also told Sharon in a weekend meeting _ the first Israeli-Palestinian summit in three years _ that he wants to persuade the militants to stop attacks , rather than disarm them by force .
The argument over how rein in the militants and halt violence has been holding up implementation of the road map .
The plan calls for parallel steps in the first stage , including a Palestinian crackdown on militants , an Israeli troop pullback from Palestinian towns and a construction freeze in Jewish settlements .
Sharon insists the Palestinians make the first move .
He was to have discussed his objections with U.S. President George W. Bush this week , but canceled his trip after Sunday 's bus bombing .
The Palestinians have accepted the plan as is .
The latest wave of attacks began Saturday evening when a Hamas bomber blew himself up in a square in the West Bank city of Hebron , killing an Israeli settler and his pregnant wife .
On Sunday morning , another Hamas assailant blew up the Jerusalem bus and about half an hour later , a third bomber from the group detonated explosives on the outskirts of Jerusalem , killing only himself .
Israeli analyst Mark Heller said that `` Hamas is trying to ensure that the road map does n't go anywhere and that Abu Mazen ( Abbas ) does n't go anywhere either .
'' The three bombers came from Hebron and at one point studied at the Polytechnic Institute in the city .
Two bombers , Fuad Qawasmeh , 18 , and Bassem Takrouri , 19 , lived in the same Hebron neighborhood and were friends .
The Israeli military on Monday demolished the Qawasmeh family home , part of a policy of trying to deter attacks by punishing assailants ' relatives .
The three bombers released farewell videos , apparently taken in the same wooded area .
In frame grabs published in the Yediot Ahronot daily , the three struck identical poses , holding up assault rifles .
Each wore a green headband with Quranic verses and an olive-colored vest with pockets for ammunition and grenades .
In another development , Israeli forensics experts identified a body that washed up on a Tel Aviv beach last week as that of a Briton , Omar Khan Sharif , 27 , the suspected accomplice of a British suicide bomber who blew himself up outside a Tel Aviv pub April 30 .
Two musicians and a waitress were killed in the blast .
Sharif also carried explosives , but they did n't go off , and he fled .
It was not known whether he was hurt at the time .
The identification was made with the help of DNA samples supplied to Israel 's Forensics Institute by British detectives , said the head of the institute , Dr. Yehuda Hiss .
He said Sharif drowned. pvs-kl PARIS , May 14 ( AFP ) Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom on Wednesday stressed Qatar 's role in the Middle East peace process during talks with his Qatari counterpart Sheikh Hamad bin Jassem bin Jabr al-Thani in Paris .
Shalom told a joint press conference that the tiny Gulf state 's strong relationship with the recently appointed Palestinian prime minister , Mahmud Abbas , could be a boost for peace .
" We discussed the Middle East peace process .
Over an hour of talks , we asserted the will of both parties ( Israel and the Arab world ) to do everything to return to the negotiating table , " Shalom said .
" Qatar is a very important country on this issue .
I know the special relationship that the Qatari foreign minister has with Abu Mazen , " he said , using Abbas 's alternative name .
The meeting was Shalom 's first encounter with an Arab counterpart since he took office as Israel 's foreign minister on February 27 .
Qatar has economic links with Israel without maintaining diplomatic relations , in the face of criticism from other Arab countries .
Afterwards Shalom was to fly on to London for talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw .
Back now to the battlefront and to the southern city of Najaf , home to one of Islam 's holiest sites , moments of tension that could have gone either way today .
Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the request of a Muslim cleric , but angry locals who did n't understand what they were trying to do .
CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is in Najaf with the 101st Airborne .
A tip leads the Bastogne Brigade 's No Slack Batallion to this parking lot in Najaf where the Fedayeen are said to have stashed weapons .
The search turns up nothing .
The only resistance comes from a Volvo .
The Shia population seems curious and friendly but they do n't get too close .
This man agrees to be interviewed as long as his face is n't shown .
The Iraqi government , he says , has satellite TV .
Anybody could be an informer and punish us for talking to you , even my family , he tells me in Arabic .
The troops also keep their distance .
Yes , it 's very uneasy out here .
Do n't know who 's who .
Sergeant Rod Sutton from Indiana on the corner of a street leading to the highly sensitive Imam Ali Shrine , one of the holiest sites in the world for Shia Muslims .
Does it make you nervous that you 're so close to the Ali mosque ? Do you feel like you 're tramping on .
Holy ground ? Yes .
To some extent , I feel fortunate that I 'm here , because this is something I never would have seen before .
And now that I see it I kind of understand some of the history behind it .
So , it makes me more appreciative of it .
To the same extent , I do n't want to be invasive with these people here .
I do n't want to trample on their holy ground , and I want to respect that as much as I can .
Word comes from the grand Ayatollah Sistani that he 's willing to meet the American commander , but he asks first for soldiers to secure his compound , located halfway down the road to the mosque .
No one explains that to the crowd .
( on camera ) : There is no more striking example of the sensitivities that the U.S. soldiers face here than what is taking place on the streets right up from the ah Ali mosque right now .
( voice-over ) : Chaos as the crowd apparently believes the soldiers want to approach the shrine .
They want to get inside the holy shrine of Imam Ali .
Clerics appear with a message from the grand Ayatollah , but the message is did drowned out .
The colonel instructs his men to stay calm .
They got to understand , he wants us here .
Smile , relax .
His soldiers take a knee , their weapons brought down from the ready position .
They do everything soldiers can to appear less hostile .
But the potential for confrontation remains .
The commander makes the decision .
Turn around , just turn around and go .
He orders his men back to their compound to await cooler heads .
Ryan Chilcote , CNN with the 101st Airborne in Najaf , Iraq .
And CNN 's Nic Robertson telling us earlier , significant that the Shia Muslim Ayatollahs , what they did , that they were cooperating with coalition and U.S. troops , saying that that will send an important signal to Shia Muslims throughout the country .
Well , U.S. officials are investigating two possible friendly fire incidents in which coalition forces may have mistakenly shot at allied aircraft .
In one of the incidents , a soldier was killed and several others wounded .
Before word of that death , 40 Americans had been killed by hostile fire in Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Eleven of them by friendly fire or in other accidents .
Most of the 27 British troops killed have been victims of friendly fire or accidents .
Meantime , Iraq says that 420 civilians , they say , have been killed during the war .
And they say 4,000 injured .
U.S. officials say more than 4,000 Iraqis have been captured .
Seven Americans we know remain prisoners of war in Iraq .
Fifteen others are said to be still missing in action .
Well , when they do finally enter Baghdad , U.S. and coalition troops could face urban combat with the Republican Guard , some of whom may have withdrawn into the city .
But the U.S. military is expecting to remain focused on specific targets in the Iraqi capital .
Nevertheless , CNN 's Miles O'Brien is with our military analyst , Lieutenant Colonel Robert Leonard , he is a Persian Gulf War veteran and a military science professor at West Virginia University Miles .
House clearance Royal Marine style , troops from ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) commando task to seek out the last pockets of Iraqi resistance in Umm Qasr go in hard to arrest suspected regime sympathizers and search for weapons .
It 's not pretty and there 's no please and thank you but for the Marines , every door potentially hides a gunman and when your life is on the line , manners go out the window .
The Iraqis arrested looked bemused ( ph ) and plead innocence but with many militia here , pretending to surrender only to open fire on their captors later , first impressions can be deceptive and lethal .
This patrol did find hidden weapons .
They 're not the first and they 're unlikely to be the last .
The Marines believe they have a firm hold on Umm Qasr right now but they ca n't afford to slack in their grip and allow those who are hostile to the coalition forces to regroup and begin again their cycle of violence .
The Marines with their snipers have now snipers have now spread their area of operations north to include the town of Umm Kiou ( ph ) .
As in Umm Qasr before it , they 're here to clear out the opponents to regime change .
A man in this vehicle took a pot shot at the commandos .
It was a painful and bloody mistake .
We sent in one of our companies of about 100 men in here this morning and we took about 12 or 13 prisoners , three or four enemy were injured and they 've now been flown out and we 're treating them including a man who is almost dead with a gunshot wound to the chest .
We 've now evacuated them out and the enemy now have either fled or they 've been captured .
The Royal Marines are satisfied they are in control of this small corner of Iraq .
Their task now is to keep it that way .
David Bowden in southern Iraq .
An air force pilot is back at his base after a close call .
Military officials say a missile hit his warthog and he was forced to eject .
CNN 's Gary Tuchman is live near the Iraqi border with details on the mission and the pilot 's rescue .
Gary ? reporter : Wolf , hello to you .
It was a very tense and nerve-racking day for the pilot who is stationed at this base near the Iraqi border .
He flies one of the a-10s behind me , the Warthog attack planes .
Took it out early this morning .
Here 's what happened to him .
He was going on a mission south of Baghdad when he was close to his target area , all of a sudden he heard a noise .
Turns out it was an Iraqi missile , a very likely a shoulder fired missile that hit his aircraft .
He realized the plane was going to crash so he ejected .
All these planes have ejection seats .
The pilots carry parachutes .
Ejected landed in the desert south of Baghdad and then he was rescued by U.S. army ground troops who were in the area .
The pilot , whose name has not been released , was brought back to this base .
He is in good condition with the 172nd fire squadron which is based in Battle Creek , Michigan .
But he 's a very lucky man .
He 's with two other a-10s flying along with him .
They , two , were hit .
One came back to the base .
The other we have a picture of .
It landed at a base controlled by the coalition .
That particular a-10 was hit in the right engine .
The pilot also was able to make a safe landing and neither of those pilots were hurt .
Those are three planes hit today .
Another a-10 Warthog was hit here today .
That pilot was hit by at least one missile and some artillery .
We have video of that plane .
That plane has a role in one of the engines .
Stabilizer in the back of the plane .
The pilot lost all flight control as she was flying back .
Thinking about ejecting. decided she could make it back safely .
She came back to this base near the border of Iraq and it 's being described as an heroic landing after she was struck by artillery missiles .
Course , we just heard from Jamie mcintyre about the f-15 e Strike Eagle .
Authorities TOKYO ( AP ) Toyota Motor Corp. said Tuesday it will promote Akio Toyoda , a grandson of the company 's founder who is widely viewed as a candidate to some day head Japan 's largest automaker .
Managing director Toyoda , 46 , grandson of Kiichiro Toyoda and the eldest son of Toyota honorary chairman Shoichiro Toyoda , will become one of 14 senior managing directors under a streamlined management system set to be introduced after a shareholders ' meeting in June , the company said in a statement .
Toyoda , who joined Toyota , based in Toyota city , central Japan , in 1984 , spearheaded the automaker 's Internet and telematics business _ a technology that puts wireless communications into vehicles .
Considered a candidate for future Toyota president , Toyoda oversees its China business , a critical market for the automaker .
Toyoda has been on the star track for years .
When he joined the board in 2000 , he was its youngest member .
Under a reform led by President Fujio Cho , the membership of Toyota 's board of directors will be slashed to 27 from 58 .
Executive vice presidents will be reduced to seven from nine .
The new system is designed to `` speed up decision-making and operations , '' Toyota spokesman Shigeru Hayakawa said .
Toyota 's top posts held by Cho and Chairman Hiroshi Okuda remain unchanged .
Kiichiro Toyoda founded the automaker in 1937 , transforming the loom manufacturer started by his father into an automaker .
Yet again I notice that the media see gays as 'invisible' when it comes to Holocaust Day .
This morning , when talking about the horrors of Auswitch on the BBC Breakfast programme , they referred to the slaughter of thousands of Jews and others .
Surely gays and gypsies warrant more than to be referred to as 'others ' .
You would n't know anything about the slaughter of gays if you only listened to the BBC .
On Thu , 27 Jan 2005 08:11:09 GMT I have just ( in the last 1/2 hour ) heard Radio Wales refer to the millions of Jews and other minorites including Gypsies and homosexuals who died in the concentration camps .
Good Thomas Bauer The 'others ' were named on Radio 4's Today .
Seems that those who listen to the BBC know , but those who watch it do not : p This woman did not fly to extremes ; she lived there .
Quentin Crisp Hello Thomas , As mentioned in " The Final Solution " thread , the number of men killed for being homosexual was at the most 10-15,000 .
Now that 's significant , but compared to the genocide of Jews and Zigeuner it 's not as significant ( though of course to the family and loved ones of those who died every single one is significant ) .
Not trying to deny it happened , just trying to see some perspective .
I for one said Kaddish this morning and will do so again at dusk .
Peter O I was watching the BBC news this morning and they interviewed the man who is going to be in charge of Holocaust Day , certainly in the future .
He very specifically mentioned gays , along with blacks and roma , and said that he was going to try and link future Days to the dangers of current prejudice and oppression .
This is a bit like rating Stalin and Hitler for badness purely on the grounds of the number of deaths they were responsible for .
It 's " significant " if any group of people is identified for liquidation by the government of the country in which they live , surely ? If there are n't as many identifiable individuals from a particular group in the general population , then by your significance = headcount yardstick some groups are never ever going to get rated as " significant ". In some ways , it is amazing that the Nazis were able to identify even * two * thousand homosexuals in the Thirties .
By a bitter irony , without the burgeoning gay liberation movement in Germany ( Magnus Hirschfeld et al ) the issue may not even have arisen .
John L That 's good .
I did get an email back from the BBC saying that they understood what I was saying and would try to be more inclusive .
Thomas Bauer Hello John , I 'm simply trying to get some perspective .
The Holocaust of the Jews and Zigeuner was motivated by racial prejudices .
The murder of ( at the most ) 10k homosexuals was n't .
Most homosexuals arrested during the Nazi era were imprisoned in normal jails .
If you were homosexually oriented but did nothing with it the law in 30s Germany could n't touch you .
The Jews and Zigeuner on the other hand were killed simply for their ontological state .
Once again , I 'm not diminishing the horror of any individual murder , just trying to get it into perspective .
Peter O Hang on a moment up there you say it 's shrunk , I think your agenda is showing ! And that previous quote says 11 .
Holiday Traditions : The holiday season is right around the corner .
Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays ? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members ? Are there people you see during the holidays that you do n't see during the rest of the year ? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays ? Where do you go and who do you visit ? My name is Carol .
Hi , my name 's Britt .
Hi , Britt .
Uh .
Basically , I spend a lot of time with my family .
Mhm .
I usually go to , um , maybe two Christmas parties .
One at my office and one at a friend 's house .
Yeah .
That includes family and friends .
Um , and that 's basically it .
We do n't usually do too much other than that .
So most of your family is locate where , where are you ? In New Jersey .
New Jersey .
Um , so most of your family is located in your area , then ? Yes .
That 's nice .
Yeah , it is .
Most of my family has moved on .
Aw .
to other places .
So , I do n't usually get to have the big family , um , holidays .
Well , we do that on Christmas Eve .
Yeah .
Mhm .
Yeah , I out we always , in my family we always did presents and everything Christmas day .
Mhm .
I know a lot of people We do it Christmas Eve .
do it on Christmas Eve .
Yeah .
Yeah .
So I do n't know where that tradition started in my family but that we 've always done it that way .
Um .
But yeah , my family 's all over .
My mom 's parents are in Florida , and I have aunts and uncles in Virginia .
I 'm in Boston , so - Oh , wow .
Yeah it is hard to get together then .
Yeah , it is .
We saw a bunch of people for Thanksgiving , but um , I only have Well , that 's nice .
one uncle that 's in state , and then Where do you , uh Bost Massachusetts ? my dad 's Yes .
Oh , wow .
Um That 's hard .
Yeah , and then my , my father 's family are all overseas , so .
Oh , wow-wee .
Uh , yeah , so , we do n't often get to see sometimes people I mean , my aunt came for Christmas .
Oh , that is nice .
Do you have any children ? But No .
Oh .
Yeah , I 'm alm I 'm twenty-seven .
I 'm not quite there yet .
Yeah .
Oh , you 're young .
Yeah , you 're too young .
But um , actually , this year I we 're going uh My parents are also divorced , so it was always difficult because we had to , like , split Christmas .
Sure .
So we would do , like , New Years with I mean , um , Christmas Eve with one set of , you know , parents , and then Christmas day with the other .
So , yeah , it was always tough , so we never really went anywhere .
But , this year is , like , all the children are old enough now that we do n't have to split Christmas , so - Mhm .
We 're actually , um , going to France for Christmas to have with my aunt , so - Oh , how wonderful .
How long will you be out there ? Yeah .
I 'm leaving on Monday and coming back on the thirtieth , so um , That is great .
yeah , ten days .
I 'm so excited .
Oh , that is wonderful .
Yeah , it 's the first vacation I 've had all year pretty much , so , so yeah , I 'm very much looking forward to it .
Oh , wow .
Oh , have a great time .
Thank you .
Yeah .
That 's exciting .
So it 's going to be a little different this year especially , because it 's going to be a lot of people some people I do n't even know , and um - Sure .
Yeah , but a beautiful country .
Duh - Mhm , good for you .
Good for you .
That 's great .
Good .
Mhm .
Or um , work parties .
Although , this year everything 's been so crazy a at , at my office that they decided to have the holiday party in January .
What type of work do you do ? Um , I work for a transportation planning consulting firm .
It 's very different .
It takes a while to explain , too , it 's just kind of like - Sounds kind of crazy .
Yeah , it 's , eh , we 're not an architecture firm or a , or a construction firm , and were not engineering either .
We kind of Mhm .
so the work that comes beforehand .
So , like , when , Okay .
you know , um , I do n't know , say New Jersey Transit Authority comes to us and says , we want a , you know - Mhm .
Oh .
Mhm .
so it 's interesting .
Oh , that 's different .
Yeah , and it Well , I 'm a teacher .
Oh , great .
What what do you teach ? Uh , I teach adult high school right now .
I 'm retired from full-time teaching , Oh , wow .
but I teach adult high school , so I teach careers and history three nights a week .
Oh , great .
And then I usually sub during the day or watch children .
It depends .
Yeah .
But it 's fun .
I I really enjoy it a lot .
I always wanted to be teacher .
My parents kind of talked me out of it .
They were smart .
Yeah .
I talked my daughter out of it .
No , I would n't recommend anyone going into teaching now .
Really ? It 's changed so dramatically .
Yeah .
I would not rec as a matter of fact I do n't recommend it Yeah .
to anybody .
Well , when I was I wanted to be a music teacher and that would 've been even harder Oh god , yeah .
I think because the one , you get laid off first pr you know , first person to get laid off is going to be the arts and Mhm .
That 's right .
And that 's what ha what is happening .
which makes me so upset .
Oh , I c it drives my crazy , like , Uh-huh .
i you know , art and music are so They 're important .
so important to your culture and , you know , wh having be a well rounded person .
I mean , you ca n't do it , at least you could try , you know , and you I just not everything can be academic , you know .
That 's right .
Absolutely .
LOS ANGELES , May 2 ( AFP ) Beleaguered French media group Vivendi Universal is in advanced negotiations to sell its theme park business to a US firm for around 1.5 billion dollars , the Los Angeles Times said Friday .
The report came as the indebted group said it was planning to sell off its US unit Vivendi Universal Entertainment and other assets , to focus on its telecoms activities and its French cable television business .
The Times said Vivendi Universal was negotiating to sell its flagship theme parks to New York investment firm Blackstone Group as a the first step toward dismantling its entertainment empire .
Vivendi Universal officials in the United States were not immediately available for comment on Friday .
Under the reported plans , Blackstone Group would buy Vivendi 's theme park division , including Universal Studios Hollywood , Universal Orlando in Florida and Universal 's ownership interests in parks in Spain and Japan , a source close to the negotiations told the paper .
Blackstone already holds a 50 percent stake in the two parks that make up Universal Orlando .
Vivendi earlier this week confirmed months of press speculation that it planned to shed its entertainment assets by the end of the year , including its famed Universal movie studio and television assets .
Chief executive Jean-Rene Fourtou told shareholders at the group 's annual general meeting Tuesday that the sale of Vivendi Universal Entertainment was a major goal for 2003 , and that negotiations were already under way .
However , Fourtou said he had not yet received any firm offer for its giant US music business , Universal Music Group , and had taken no final decision over its future .
The group , once a French utilities company , needs to reshape itself in order to slash its huge debt burden of around 18 billion dollars .
In 2002 , the group recorded a net loss of 23.3 billion euros the biggest ever in France on sales of 28.7 billion .
I hear discussion along the lines that the United States was * wanting * to go to war with Japan , and had been trying to bring that about for years .
Any recognized books that develop this thesis ; is there a definitive work ? bg - I 've read quite a few more rational works describing how the US was doing its best to avoid , or at the very least postpone , a war against Japan , mainly because FDR was trying to provoke Hitler to war and did n't need a distraction on another distant front .
Here 's something I wrote as part of a larger article , some while ago : Was n't Japan just defending herself when she attacked the US ? This line of reasoning seems to derive from arguments that Japan was being " driven into a corner " by sanctions , and had no choice but to attack the US .
Meiji Japan was driven to emulate what it thought the West was doing in every facet of society .
They had observed , for example , that the West was able to carve up China into " Spheres of Influence " , and was able to do from great distances , while they , the Japanese , had had limited success in their previous attempts to dominate the Korean peninsula , much less China .
As part of the catch-up effort , she whole-heartedly entered into the Imperialist game in Asia , being treated as an equal ( relative to her power ) by the other powers .
However , after World War I , Japan failed to recognize a fundamental shift in the attitudes of her former Imperial partners ; they began a long , slow process of disengaging themselves from their former Imperial areas , from their colonies , in addition to outright stopping all expansions .
Japan chose to read this as a sign that the West had lost its power and resolve , and that Japan was the rightful heir to Imperial mantle in Asia .
With the deaths of many of the idealistic leaders who had led Japan 's rise to international prominence , and the refusal of the US to intervene in Asian affairs , in addition to the Bolshevik revolution and the stripping of possessions from Germany , Britain found herself alone in dealing with an increasingly aggressive Japan in the area .
Having a keen grasp of the obvious , she began a policy of acceding to Japanese hegemony in the area .
Japan continued a policy of acquiring territory for some grand , illusive scheme of a " Greater Asia " , subordinate and grateful to Japan .
The reality of this was that only a single possession , Manchuria , was profitable to the Japanese , and the rest of the Empire turned out to be a drain .
This drain was greatly accelerated by Japan 's invasion of China proper in 1936 .
It was a war that Japan assumed would be ended in " 3 to 6 months " ; at the time of Pearl Harbor , it had been going on for 5 years , at the cost of over half a million Japanese lives .
The war put a tremendous strain on Japan ( and was in fact opposed by more radically NATIONALISTIC elements , as taking away from the development of Japan 's other possessions , particularly in the areas of scrap metal and fuel .
) Domestic consumption fell , consumer goods became scarce , and the use of materiale for war purposes ate into Japan 's domestic industry .
This cut further into her foreign reserves , exacerbating the economic impact of the war .
The war effort took on a life of its own , however , and common sense was subordinated to it .
Japan expanded into areas of China and Indochina which had no strategic value to her , but put her in a position to threaten British and Dutch possessions in the area ; possessions that both those Allied nations needed in order to continue their fight against Hitler .
At this point , the US stopped ignoring the Japanese threat , and imposed a series of escalating sanctions on Japan , cutting off her scrap metal , limitting and then cutting off her oil ( Japan imported most of both from the US .
) While Japanese officials realized that they had enough of each resource for Japan to do well IF THE WAR IN CHINA STOPPED , they were powerless over the military they were supposed to control .
An abortive attack on Soviet positions in Mongolia had placed Japan 's focus firmly south , towards the possessions of the US' future allies .
For no reason anyone could articulate , Japan felt she had to continue the war in China .
To continue the war in China , she had to have resources of oil and metal .
To have these resources , she must seize them , if others refused to sell them .
In order to seize them , she felt she had to attack and destroy the naval power of the US .
Thus , for a " 3 to 6 month " operation in China in 1937 , Japan would embark on a war that would strip her of all the possessions and industries she had acquired in 70 years. she must seize them , if others refused to sell them .
In order to seize them , she felt she had to attack and destroy the naval power of the US .
Thus , for a " 3 to 6 month " operation in China in 1937 , Japan would embark on a war that would strip her of all the possessions and industries she had acquired in 70 years .
Mike - UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) Iraq 's U.N. Ambassador Mohammed Al-Douri , the first Iraqi official to concede defeat in the U.S. - led war , met privately with Secretary-General Kofi Annan , but refused to talk about rumors that he was planning to leave New York .
`` I am sorry , '' he said .
`` No Answer .
'' `` No comment at all .
This is my last word to you , '' he told hordes of journalists who chased him Thursday at his New York residence and U.N. headquarters seeking comment on his talks with the secretary-general , his future and the war .
Asked who should govern Iraq , Al-Douri said : `` I have nothing to do with that .
'' Annan also declined to comment on Thursday 's meeting with Al-Douri .
With the fall of Baghdad Wednesday , Al-Douri declared `` the game is over '' and expressed hope that the Iraqi people will now be able to live in peace .
He said he had not been in touch with Baghdad .
Beside meeting with Annan , Al-Douri spent several hours during the late morning and afternoon meeting with ambassadors and diplomats in the Delegate 's Lounge .
`` I wished him good luck but I do n't know what he said to the secretary-general and what will be his next steps , '' said Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa , who talked with Al-Douri before his own meeting with Annan .
In an interview with The Associated Press Wednesday night , Al-Douri said he will continue to work at the United Nations and had no intention of defecting .
`` Defecting from who ? '' he asked .
`` I think the government has already defected .
There is no more Iraqi government to be defected from .
'' Annan said early Thursday _ before meeting Al-Douri _ that in talks with the envoy Monday , `` he did n't ask for an asylum or protection ... ( and ) he did n't ask me for help with his status .
'' `` We did talk about what happens , depending on the evolution of things on the ground , '' Annan said .
The ambassador had vehemently defended his country for months as the United States and its allies sought U.N. backing for war on Iraq .
Privately , many U.N. diplomats see him as a respectable colleague .
`` I sympathize with his need to create a new life for himself , '' said Britain 's U.N. Ambassador Jeremy Greenstock .
Al-Douri taught international law at Baghdad University for over 30 years before becoming a diplomat in 1999 , first at the United Nations in Geneva and since early 2001 at U.N. headquarters in New York .
He said in the AP interview he would love to return to teaching but for now he plans to remain at the United Nations .
`` Things will be crystalized one day , '' he said .
`` What I worried about is that things are settled in the country ... so in the future the Iraqi people will live in peace without sanctions , without wars , without suffering .
This is my message .
'' Separately , lawyers who claim that Iraq helped plan the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people asked a judge at a federal court in New York to force Al-Douri to testify in the case and hold the envoy in contempt , saying they worry that he would flee the country .
But U.N. spokesman Fred Eckhard said Al-Douri still has diplomatic immunity as Iraq 's ambassador .
Under U.N. rules , a new Iraqi government would have to ask to represent the country , which the General Assembly would then consider .
`` He is still Iraq 's ambassador at the United Nations , '' White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said in Washington .
`` Legally , that is the way it works at the U.N .
'' Larry Klayman , chairman of Judicial Watch , which represent 14 survivors and victims ' relatives who have filed a $1.5 billion federal lawsuit against Iraq in Washington , said his organization had served a subpoena on Al-Douri twice , on March 26 and March 28 , but said he has not responded .
U.S. District Judge John S. Martin did not immediately rule but scheduled a hearing for next week .
The April 19 , 1995 , bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah federal building was the deadliest terrorist strike on American soil at the time .
The suit claims Iraqi officials provided money and training to convicted bomber Timothy McVeigh and conspirator Terry Nichols .
McVeigh was executed in 2001 , and Nichols is serving a life sentence .
10 .
Death of Arafat ( 2 ) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week , after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death .
What do you think caused his illness , and could it have been something malicious ( like poisoning ) ? What do you think of Israel 's policies surrounding Arafat 's illness and death ? Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat 's funeral ? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem ? Hi , I 'm Paul .
I 'm in Delaware .
Hi , this is Mike .
I 'm in California .
Nice to meet you , Mike .
Yeah , nice to meet you .
Uh , well , pretty complicated topic .
Yeah , interesting issue .
I do n't know .
What do you think ? You think it was poison ? Well (( smoosh )) no , I I heard that just a couple of days ago and I I kind of doubt it or at least I hope not .
I guess that 's what it is .
Yeah , I do n't think he was poisoned .
I think he was just fr frail and I think he 'd been uh , he 'd been looking frail and he was shaky .
Yeah .
You know , he 'd been looking h like he was shaking and , uh , seeming frail .
For some time when I 'd see him in public , uh , Yeah , that 's true .
presentation so forth .
Right .
And I think it whatever it was , it got him , just caught up with him and and he reached the you know , the end of his time .
Yeah .
So , that 's about it on that , I guess .
Yeah .
Well , I I guess now that that he 's he 's died it 'll be , uh , or it it should be a change for the ~ PLO Well , yeah , it 'll be change .
I I do n't know if it 'll move forward any better but , uh , this , uh , I 've heard our administration thinks it will .
I think he was a block to the peace but I think it 's not only his doing , it 's also the you know , the , uh , more , uh , drastic elements of the ~ PLO that , uh , that , uh , would n't allow him to pursue peace Right .
at any cost .
Well , I 'm I 'm I do n't know , uh .
He he seems like a guy who is much more comfortable being under siege than in negotiating peace settlements .
Uh-huh .
Um , I Yeah .
maybe that Well , you know , he was kind of damned if he did and damned if he did n't .
Yeah .
Well You know , if he if he made peace he had factions of his own people that would 've killed him and if he did n't make peace , eh , then he 's considered , you know , the the warmongering , uh , man who wo n't make peace , you know .
So , he , uh , he could n't really win .
I do n't think he could make peace .
I do n't know if anyone else can , either .
Yeah , I guess that 's the big question , if someone moderate takes over and they reach a settlement , does that mean the ~ PLO will split ? I mean that that could be just dangerous .
Yeah .
I guess , uh , making peace with half of the Palestinians is better than nothing .
One of the other questions it asked us was , did we think our president and our , uh , you know , officials should 've attended his funeral .
(( Oh , I b - )) What do you think about that ? Yeah .
Well , I I do n't remember who they sent , but they did send over some very low level state department person Oh , I see .
and , uh , I did n't know that .
I I I was kind of embarrassed about that .
That we did or d that we did not send our officials .
I mean We we did , but i it was some it was a nobody , basically .
So you were embarrassed because you thought they should 've sent someone higher up ? Yeah .
Oh , I see .
I I I mean , for for the funeral ceremony in , uh , Egypt .
(( I mean )) Yeah , I think so , too .
I think they should 've sent someone higher up .
And , uh , I I can understand that they would n't want to send anybody (( that he )) Do n't forget this was the this was the representative of a whole people , you know what I mean ? Yeah .
The past he was their main representative and , uh , just out of respect for the people we should 've sent someone I think .
Hm .
Bad bad or good .
Yeah , I think it would 've been a much more positive message .
Yeah .
(( We realized that )) I think it would 've , uh , you know , been a a step toward , um , you know , gaining the , uh , I do n't know , the respect and and the , um , Right .
Yeah , I think that uh , th of the people that we 're going to have to be working with to try to bring about a peace , you know .
that (( yeah , )) it Yeah .
And , uh , it would 've gone an a little farther to encourage them to , you know , be willing to sit down at the table with us , at least , you know .
That 's true .
And , I mean not that it would 've even been noticed in that regard had he had had our president or someone higher gone , but the fact that they did n't , that 's what 's really going to be noticed , you know what I mean ? Yeah .
Well , uh , you know , Colin Powell is a pretty moderate guy and would 've been nice to see him there or maybe the , uh , Deputy Secret of State .
Uh-huh .
I 'm not even sure who that is .
Eh , somebody will or higher up .
Yeah , someone m a little more , uh Some flunky bureaucrat .
yeah .
Yeah , it did n't seem quite appropriate .
But , uh , at at least for the ceremony in Egypt I think , uh , I can understand that no one would want to go into Palestinian territory .
I mean , they it was total chaos there .
Uh-huh .
Sure .
Yeah .
ADDIS ABABA , March 17 ( Xinhua ) Interim Chairperson of the Commission of the African Union ( AU ) Amara Essy has strongly condemned the coup d'etat that took place in the Central Africa Republic on March 15 , 2003 .
According to a press release of the AU on Monday , Essy said AU " rejects and unequivocally condemns unconstitutional change of government in keeping with the provisions of its constitutive act as well as the decisions and declarations adopted by the Algiers and Lome Summits .
" In conformity with the Lome Declaration , the release said the AU Central Organ of the Mechanism for Conflict Prevention , Management and Resolution will meet very shortly to consider the situation and the measures to be taken .
Last Saturday night , rebels in the Central Africa Republic , captured the airport in the capital city of Bangui and the residence of President Ange-Felix Patasse , who is out of the country .
The rebels have captured the country 's main international airport , said a top official in a 300-strong African security force policing the city .
The rebels identified themselves to residents in the city as troops loyal to former general staff Gen. Francois Bozize , who staged a foiled coup bid in October .
WASHINGTON , May 19 ( AFP ) MCI , formerly WorldCom , and the Securities and Exchange Commission have reached a final agreement in the telecom giant 's 11-billion-dollar ( 9.4-billion-euro ) fraud case , The Wall Street Journal reported Monday .
Under terms of the agreement , to be submitted as early as Monday to a judge presiding over the case , MCI would agree to pay the largest fine imposed so far by the SEC on a company that is not a broker-dealer , the Journal said , citing sources close to the matter .
The report did not give the amount of the fine , but said it would be " exponentially larger " than the historic 10 million dollars Xerox paid the SEC last year .
Last month , the SEC slapped fines totaling 1.4 billion dollars on 10 Wall Street brokerages to settle charges of conflicts of interest between analysts and investors .
MCI and the SEC negotiated the agreement for months after a partial settlement in November under which MCI , formerly known as WorldCom , agreed not to mislead investors about its finances , and to improve internal controls , the Journal said .
The estimated value of the fraud has reached historic proportions , swelling from the initially announced 3.5 million dollars to 11 million dollars as revelations of misconduct piled on , the report said .
Separately , former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers failed on April 29 to make a first repayment of 25 million dollars , plus interest , on a 400-million-dollar loan from MCI , the Journal said , citing SEC documents .
Because he is now in default MCI must now seize additional assets owned by Ebbers , to secure the loan .
The company has already sold his Georgia-based yacht building business for 15 million dollars , and is close to selling his ranch in British Colombia , which is expected to bring 60 to 70 million dollars , the Journal said .
Saddam posed a threat to Saudia , Kuwait , and the British oil protectorates along the Gulf that is why we invaded , stupid .
Deborah The truth seems to me that the Israeli government got panicked when Saddam announced that he would reward the families of Palestinian suicide bombers with some 10 thousand dollars .
ROFL .
How old are you ? Too young to remember the scuds Saddam 's Iraqi Republican Guards lobbed into Israel in 1991 , or 1982 when the Israelis levelled the Iraqi nuclear weapon facility ? Tilly striking1583REM ... @ yahoo.co.nz Do n't even bother asking if this guy remembers the Iraq / Iran war of 1980-1988 , which when Saddam launched a land / air invasion of Iran .
Anyone remember Khomeini 's declaration in 1982 that Iran would n't stop fighting until they overthrew Saddam ? How about Saddam 's use of chemical weapons ? Recall that we ( and the Brits ) involved ourselves in that war ONLY in 1987 , after attacks on Kuwaiti oil tankers .
How many Iraqis and Iranians were killed in that war ? One million ? Two million ? Saddam was so unimpressed by Iraqi casualties , he invaded Kuwait barely two years after the UN-imposed ceasefire .
This clown , however , thinks " the truth " is that it was Israel who got panicked .
Yeah , right .
Deborah from the air , it looks like a big box of spifld matching and toothpicks .
A runaway fragt train derailed in Commerce , California , and spilled its load of lumber .
Our national correspondent Frank Buckley is on the scene for us .
He 's there and joining us live with details .
How bad is it ? OK .
Question from the audience .
Hi .
I 'm Paul Avalar ( ph ) from Tempe , Arizona .
I had a question also about Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
And now how are people going to argue that the U.S. can no longer both fight a war with Iraq and also fight terrorism , specifically al Qaeda ? That 's a great question .
It 's an unanswerable point .
He has n't been able to answer it .
And Tom Andrews ( ph ) was n't able to answer it .
Look , we need allies to catch these guys .
We got him because the Pakistanis got him .
We did n't get him .
We go to war in Iraq , 200,000 people start protesting in Pakistan , they put too much pressure on the government .
It becomes impossible for those governments to cooperate with us like they 're cooperating now .
We go to war in Iraq , it would be the worst thing we can do ... You know the one thing the Democrats ca n't stand is good news .
It is just something you cannot handle .
No. What I ca n't stand is a president who is going to screw up our war against terrorism when I thought that was his job .
From the left , I 'm Paul Begala .
Good night for CROSSFIRE .
From the right , I 'm Robert Novak .
Join us again next time for another edition of CROSSFIRE .
Well , we 'll debate that later on in the show .
We 'll have a couple of experts come out , so I 'll withhold my comments until then .
Even as the secretary of homeland security was putting his people on high alert last month , a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men landed on American shores , utterly undetected by the Coast Guard Secretary Ridge now leads .
Now , why has our president placed homeland security in the hands of Republican political hacks instead of professionals , by the way ? Attorney General John Ashcroft , for example , is a career politician .
He lost an election to a dead man .
Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge is another career politician who was passed over by Mr. Bush for the vice presidency .
And Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Asa Hutchinson is yet another career politician and a graduate of the disgraceful Bob Jones University .
Apparently , Mr. Bush only turns to professionals when it 's really important , like political consulting .
Paul , as I understand your definition of a political of a professional politician based on that is somebody who is elected to public office .
Now in your administration , the Clinton administration , there were these members of the cabinet who by your definition were professional politicians Lloyd Bentsen , Les Aspin , William S. Cohen , Janet Reno , Bruce Babbitt , Mike Espy , Dan Glickman , Norman Mineta , Henry Cisneros , Federico Pena , Bill Richardson , Richard Riley , 12 of them , not to mention former Democratic National Chairman Ron Brown , and one of the great professional politicians of all time , Bill Daly .
And you know what , they did a hell of a job for our country .
And these bozos let four armed Cubans land on our shores when they 're trying to make a high terrorist alert .
Our president has put homeland security in the hands of failed Republican hacks .
Hire professionals , Mr. President .
So it 's OK it 's OK to have professional politicians at the Justice Department and the Pentagon ... Janet Reno was a career prosecutor .
Just a minute , let me finish my sentence , please .
It 's OK to put Democratic career politicians at the Pentagon and the Justice Department if they 're Democrats but not if they 're Republicans , is that right ? No , the difference is Janet Reno was a career prosecutor .
John Ashcroft was n't half the woman that Janet Reno was .
Another potential Democratic presidential candidate pondered whether to run , and he made his announcement , and surprise , surprise , the answer was no .
Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut made the announcement today that he would not be the 10th candidate for the nomination .
Why not ? Surely Chris Dodd is at least more credible than Carol Moseley-Braun or Dennis Kucinich .
He explained he could better spend the next two years on homeland security , the economy and judicial nominations .
I guess that means harassing Tom Ridge , fighting tax cuts and obstructing President Bush 's plans to reform judiciary .
Some two years .
God , I hope so. that 's all I can say .
I love Senator Dodd .
He would have brought a lot to the race .
He brings a lot to the Senate and to the debate .
And I 'm glad that he 's going to be fighting those fights .
Well , the Commerce Department reports today that consumer spending declined in January and that the manufacturing sector slowed in February .
In all , two million Americans have lost their jobs under President Bush so far , not to mention three of them being the top three leaders of his economic team .
Meanwhile , the deficit now at $300 billion .
It could swell to as much as $500 billion if we go to war in Iraq .
Mr. Bush apparently is untroubled by this fiscal collapse .
One of his aides tells the current issue of " TIME , " magazine , quote , " even if it 's $500 billion , so what ? " Of course , even a $500 billion deficit number does n't count the $3 trillion Mr. Bush is robbing from the Social Security trust fund .
You know , we should have known , every time George W. Bush gets in trouble , he borrows from a trust fund .
It 's been his whole life , you know .
Let me give you two economic facts of like , which you should know , even if you wo n't recognize them .
Number one , there is absolutely no relationship between the deficit and unemployment .
They do n't go together .
And number two , there is no Social Security fund , Virginia .
There just is n't one .
Because Bush squandered it on his tax cuts .
There never has been one .
There has been one for 60 years .
Welcome back .
Orders went out today to deploy 17,000 U.S. Army soldiers in the Persian Gulf region .
The army 's entire first Calvary division based at Fort Hood , Texas , would join the quarter million U.S. forces already in the region .
We 're talking about possibilities of full scale war with former Congressman Tom Andrews , Democrat of Maine .
He 's now national director of Win Without War , and former Congressman Bob Dornan , Republican of California .
Bob , one of the reasons I think so many Americans are worried about this war and so many people around the world do n't want to go is there have been a lot of problems with credibility from this administration .
Our president has repeatedly , for example , relied on a man whom you 're aware , Hussein Kamel , Saddam Hussein 's son-in-law , leader of the Iraq arms program who defected for a time .
And gave us a whole lot of information and then went home and his father-in-law killed him .
Bad move .
But while he was here , he gave us a whole lot of information .
Gave us a whole lot of information .
Well , our president told us that information proves that the dictator had chemical weapons , which is true .
But what we just learned this week from " Newsweek " magazine which got a hold of the debriefings , is that he also told us it was destroyed back in 1995 .
Why has n't our president told us that ? Why do we have to learn it from " Newsweek " ? I do n't believe that he believed it was all destroyed .
The fact that this guy was such an idiot to go back and let his father-in-law kill him shows he was n't the most stable of people .
But the things that ... Good point .
But should n't our president have told us what the CIA told him .
Why do we learn from " Newsweek ? " Should he level with us ? Paul , look , the problem is I would stipulate all four of us hates war .
Any rational person hates war .
Bush is n't sitting in that White House not thinking about the body bags coming home with great young men .
Clinton suffered greatly over the 19 Rangers that died , 18 on the 3rd of October and Matt Reersen ( ph ) three days later .
I visited all their families .
I was at the medal of honor ceremony for the kids .
Let me tell you , what trips to Walter Reed taught me was , that whoever thought up the term , the law of unintended consequences it pertains to war .
I am shook over the aftermath .
But , this guy is a monster , a mini-me Hitler .
He will blow a city off the earth in a minute if he can get the hold of the means to do it .
Tom Andrews , I think we all realize that a government does n't go to war a nation goes to war .
And so I would like you to take a look at the CNN / " USA TODAY " / Gallup poll , taken last week , should U.S. troops to go to Iraq to remove Saddam Hussein from power .
Take a look at it .
Favor 59 % , opposed 37 % , that 's a vastly larger support than President Bush Senior had in getting the U.S. troops out of Kuwait before that war started .
That 's pretty good support is n't it ? Now , Bob , come on you do n't really buy this .
I mean , listen , this is the oldest trick in the book .
You can have a general question like this that could mean anything and ask people and they give you what comes off the top of their head .
But , ask them another question , ask them what they think about spending $1.3 trillion in destroying this economy .
Ask them about going and not just a war , Bob , but an invasion and occupying for up to 10 years a sovereign Arab nation in the midst of one of the most distable and volatile regions in the world .
Ask them how they feel about getting bogged down .
Well , I 've seen some of the figures .
Once you start telling Americans the story , the administration refuse today tell us story .
They 're not coming forward and telling us what the risks are , what the costs are , how many years we might be in , the possibility of us getting bogged down , because what Americans know that , they 're opposed to this war .
The more they learn about this invasion , the more they learn about this occupation , the less they support it .
Tom , you know what liberals want .
They do n't want a smoking gun , they want a smoking city .
The Clinton people all say ... That 's going to have to be last war , unfair and unfortunate as that is , I am sorry , they 're telling us we 're out of time .
Former Congressman , Bob Dornan from California ... You 're not going to get a smoking city .
SYDNEY , April 30 ( AFP ) The Daily Planet Ltd , about to become the first brothel to list on the Australian Stock Exchange , plans to follow up its May Day launching by opening a " sex Disneyland " here , the Melbourne-based bordello announced Wednesday .
Chief executive Andrew Harris said the company was likely to abandon plans to acquire a hotel in Sydney 's Kings Cross red light district and acquire another property three times the size in a better location .
The Daily Planet raised 3.5 million dollars ( 2.2 million US ) in its initial public offering with one of the new 600 shareholders acquiring 1.0 million dollars worth of shares .
Renowned Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss has been flown to Melbourne as guest of honour at Thursday 's market debut and , according to Harris , has already played a key role in attracting worldwide media attention to the event .
" Heidi 's ideas , her background , her knowledge have helped us a great deal , " he said .
" The international novelty value with Heidi promoting it has been massive these shares can go anywhere .
" But it has n't been an easy road to the Australian Stock Exchange since the idea was first mooted in 1994 .
" The establishment did not want a brothel on the stock exchange , " Harris said .
" It 's only because we were the biggest and the best that we could afford to do it .
" We have fought every institution , every law firm ... it 's cost us a fortune but now we 're going on a massive expansion .
" Harris said Sydney was a more attractive option for the sex Disneyland because its prostitution laws are less restrictive than Melbourne 's .
" Prostitution is completely decriminalised in Sydney and we are going to build a monster , " he said .
" We want a complete one-stop adult venue we want a complete adult venue with adult cinemas , adult shops ... we have found much bigger premises in a much better location to create a sex Disneyland .
" The company is also considering franchising The Daily Planet within Australia with likely venues in Perth , Brisbane , Sydney 's western suburbs and a second venue in Melbourne .
But The Daily Planet is saving its big plans for the United States where it is negotiating with two well-known US personalities to join the board .
" The United States is our major thrust , " he said .
" We want to build a little city called Metropolis with a 150-200 room hotel in Nevada .
" good evening .
Welcome , everyone .
Mike Galanos is off tonight .
Our Top story Eric Robert Rudolph has officially said he did n't do it .
He pleaded not guilty to bombing a Birmingham women 's clinic in 1998 .
The suspected serial bomber appeared in a federal courthouse Tuesday afternoon .
He is also suspected in three atlanta-area bombings .
North Carolina authorities say Rudolph opened up to them about his five years on the run .
He says he hunted wild animals , searched the trash for food , and covered himself with leaves to make it through the winters .
in a moment , check in the Pentagon and get the latest on the Iraqi prisoners of war .
We know of one detention center , well over 7,000 Iraqis held there and almost a thousand have been released .
Check in on the Pentagon for more and more on this tape and what they 're saying down in Washington .
Unnoticed by anyone else , the Bush administration has quietly ditched programs to destroy America 's biggest-in-the-world stockpile of chemical and biological weapons .
Eight places in the US are used to stockpile chemical weapons including blister agents , riot agents , and the dreaded nerve agents .
In these eight locations , hundreds of thousands of artillery rounds , bombs , and rockets are stacked in both open and bunker storage , some of them leaking their contents and all of the very deadly .
Storage locations include : Anniston Army Depot , Anniston , AL Rocky Mountain Arsenal , Pueblo , CO Bluegrass Army Depot , Lexington , KY Aberdeen Proving Grounds , MD Toelle Army Depot , Toelle , UT ( the granddaddy of them all ) Destruction is underway in Anniston where the Dept of Defense built and is operating an incinerator to burn weapons located there .
Plans were underway to build destruction facilities at all other locations but now the Bush junta has removed from its proposed defense budget for fiscal year 2006 all but the minimum funding for these destruction projects .
Plans to destroy chemical weapons are now stopped , except for a small test program at Toelle .
Contractors ( Bechtel was the main contractor ) have been told to stop all design and construction work and the re-assign their people the destruction programs are dead .
) Can anyone spell " W. M. D .
" ? Can anyone tell me which nation in the world owns the most WMD ? ( Hint : It 's neither Iraq , Iran , nor North Korea none of the famous " Axis of Evil." ) You do n't suppose they have stopped destroying these weapons because they plan to use them ? JERUSALEM ( AP ) Israeli troops shot and killed a 16-year-old Palestinian boy and critically injured two children , ages 7 and 9 , during conflicts in the West Bank that erupted Tuesday as Israeli and Palestinian leaders moved toward talks on a new Mideast peace plan .
The shootings _ which the Israeli army said came in response to attacks by Palestinians throwing stones and molotov cocktails _ came a day after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declared that Israel 's occupation in the West Bank must end , stunning both dovish opponents and hardline allies .
Sharon 's remarks and Israel 's conditional acceptance Sunday of the so-called `` road map '' to peace were expected to jump-start stalled Mideast peace negotiations .
A summit between Sharon and his Palestinian counterpart , Mahmoud Abbas , had been planned for Wednesday but was postponed , according to Israeli and Palestinian officials , who blamed each other for the delay .
The officials said no new date had been set ; Israel Radio said the meeting would take place Thursday .
A three-way summit with U.S. President George W. Bush could take place as early as next week , possibly in Jordan .
Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 16-year-old Palestinian boy and wounded a 7-year-old boy after opening fire at stone throwers in the Tulkarem refugee camp in the West Bank on Tuesday , Palestinian hospital officials said .
The army said troops fired , and hit a boy , after a Palestinian youth threw a molotov cocktail .
In a village near the West Bank city of Nablus on Tuesday , Israeli troops opened fire on youths throwing stones , hitting a 9-year-old Palestinian boy in the head and critically wounding him , and hitting two 12-year-old boys in the legs , lightly wounding them , Palestinian hospital officials said .
A 10-year-old boy was struck in the leg by a rubber bullet , but was not seriously hurt , the officials said .
Military sources said troops were trying to break up stone-throwing protests , but did not use live fire .
The army was not aware of any injuries .
Five Palestinian children , a Palestinian woman and a police officer , were injured Tuesday after accidentally detonating explosives in the West Bank city of Hebron , Palestinian security officials said .
The children found the explosives in two plastic bags under a tree and accidentally detonated the first bag .
After a police officer arrived , the second bag exploded , seriously injuring him , the officials said .
Israeli troops killed a Palestinian teenager Monday and another surrendered after infiltrating from Gaza , the military said .
They were unarmed and apparently looking for work .
In a village near the West Bank town of Qalqiliya , an 11-year-old Palestinian boy was killed during an exchange of gunfire .
Also Monday , Israeli soldiers fired on four diplomatic vehicles in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun , diplomats said .
There were no injuries from the incident .
Peter Lundberg , an official from the Swedish Consulate in Jerusalem , said that two bullets hit the windshield of the Swiss Consulate 's armored car , and that small-arms fire also was directed at other cars from Sweden , Denmark and the European Union .
Military sources said the Israeli army had established roadblocks at the entrance to Beit Hanoun to prevent Palestinians militants from leaving the area .
The sources said shots had been fired in the air when vehicles tried to skirt the roadblocks .
The violence erupted after Sharon endured withering criticism Monday from members of his own Likud Party over his Cabinet 's acceptance of the U.S. - backed `` road map '' peace plan .
Sharon indicated a 180-degree turnaround after decades of warning that an Israeli withdrawal from even small parts of the West Bank could endanger Israel 's existence .
Skeptics , however , wondered whether Sharon 's conversion was a shrewd effort to deflect U.S. pressure in the hopes the road map would fail before Israel had to make tough concessions .
`` To keep 3.5 million people under occupation is bad for us and them , '' Sharon said in remarks broadcast on Israel Radio .
The term `` occupation '' is anathema to the Israeli right , which believes Israel has a legitimate claim to the West Bank and Gaza Strip for religious and security reasons .
Palestinians and their dovish Israeli allies routinely use the word `` occupation '' when demanding that Israel leave the West Bank and Gaza and dismantle Jewish settlements .
Palestinians claim all of the West Bank and Gaza for a state .
On Sunday , Sharon 's Cabinet conditionally approved the `` road map , '' a three-phase plan that begins with a halt to violence and envisages a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip in 2005 .
Sharon told party critics he was committed to finding a political solution to the conflict , including an Israeli withdrawal from West Bank population centers .
`` This ca n't continue endlessly .
Do you want to remain forever in Ramallah , Jenin , Nablus ? '' he asked .
Likud lawmakers charged that the road map was slanted in favor of the Palestinians and endangers Israel .
In his remarks Monday , Sharon left himself an out .
`` What will happen if Palestinian terror continues ? Nothing .
Nothing will happen .
The Palestinians will get nothing , '' he said .
Critics have said Sharon 's long-held condition that all violence must stop before peace moves is unrealistic and guarantees failure of any peace initiative , including the road map , thus releasing him from the necessity of following through on his remarks .
Liberal lawmaker Yossi Sarid argued Sharon was trying to keep his intentions murky to persuade the U.S. government that he was committed to the plan , while his hawkish allies could assume he was just making a tactical move to end U.S. pressure .
`` Ariel Sharon likes to walk in the fog , because then no one knows where he is headed , '' Sarid wrote in the Yediot Ahronot daily. pvs-lja a bomb exploded today in a courtroom in southern Yemen , injuring four people , one of them a judge .
A man with a pistol was arrested outside of the courthouse and police say he admits planning the bombs .
It was the same courtroom where a suspected al Qaeda militant got a death sentence last week for killing three American missionaries .
TEHRAN , May 4 ( AFP ) The pro-reform director of Iran 's biggest-selling daily newspaper and official organ of Tehran 's municipality has stepped down following the appointment of a conservative as the city 's new mayor , press reports said Sunday .
Mohammad Atrianfar , who had headed Hamshahri ( Fellow Citizen ) since it was founded a decade ago and was a major backer of reformist President Mohammed Khatami , explained that he wanted to " leave the new mayor with a free hand to choose a director " of the paper .
Tehran had been governed by reformists since 1989 , but a conservative city council was elected in the February 28 municipal polls in a result attributed to a meager turnout amid growing public disillusionment with electoral politics .
Mahmud Ahmadi-Nejad , reported to be a hardliner among conservatives , was appointed mayor on Saturday and a change in Hamshahri 's management as well as its editorial line has been considered inevitable given the election result .
Founded by former mayor Gholamhossein Karbaschi , Hamshahri was quick to become Iran 's biggest-selling daily with a circulation of 450,000 .
It also built up healthy finances , carrying scores of pages of private advertisements daily .
The foreign minister of North Korea has state that North Korea has nuclear weapons and has officially with drawn from the 6 nation talks on Nuclear proliferation in east Asia .
The Foreign minister also indicated that North Korea will continue to develop long range missiles capable of obliterating any target within the borders of the United States .
According to East Asia Intelligence sources , North Korea has already prepositioned nuclear tipped missiles on Freighters and Fishing trawlers that are sailing under foreign flags of convenience , that are stationed off the west coast and East coast of the United States .
Missiles launched from these vessels are said to be able to hit 90 % percent of the major cities with in 2 and one half minutes from time of launch .
I do n't know about the rest of you but I think that in the next few weeks I will be moving supplies and equipment to my site in eastern Oregon .
Of course you can do what you want but I do n't trust the pot bellied idiot Kim Junk Ill any farther than I could throw him .
The Independent of Clackamas County " What experience and history teach is this That people and governments never have learned anything from history , or acted on principles deduced from it " George Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel 1770-1831 Well here is the problem that I face and many should be worried about .
If North Korea has had nuclear weapons for a few years then they developed them during the Clinton Administration .
The Clinton Administration also allowed Loral to sell Missile technology to China , who have been helping Pakistan to build their missiles .
That technology has undoubtably made it back to North Korea ( Pakistan , Iran and North Korea are all working on the same set of missile blue prints ) .
So now we have North Korea with nuclear weapons and workable missiles .
Also since we missed the boat on North Korea and Nuclear weapons how can we be sure that Iran does n't have nuclear weapons ? The simple and wisest action is to assume that they do have a small number and are working feverishly to build a bigger arsenal .
Now the nut of the question should be , What if Iran gives , sells , provides nuclear weapons to Islamic extremists to smuggle into the United States and at 10 AM on a Wednesday pop 2 or 3 in New York City , destroying Wall street , the large banks , the large Insurance companies , the large sock brokerage houses and many other world wide financial institutions .
At the same time 2 weapons go off in Washington DC and take out the President , the Vice President , 80 Senators , and 350 congressmen as well as the department of the treasury , Interior , Health and Welfare , Justice , Commerce and the Federal Court system .
And then just for yucks lets assume that one goes off at the Pentagon .
Now what do we do ? Remember all your pension funds are now gone. all your investments are gone. all the bank records are gone .
No more government payments for federal employees .
No more government payments for aid to schools , environment , police , courts , Well fare , etc .
The Dollar is now worthless on the international market .
With a worthless dollar the amount of fuel available is not cut by 80 % .
No more cheap imports of clothes , boots , appliances , computer stuff , communications equipment , generators , electric motors Cars , Trucks etc .
Massive unemployment as we are now in a service economy with nothing to service .
Does the word TEOTWAWKI have any meaning .
Oh I expect to things to hang together for a few weeks as local , county , and state governments try to hold things together , but they wo n't .
With out fuel to move food stuffs from the farms to food manufactures to local warehouses food stuffs will dry up with in a few week or so .
With out fuel to move imported stuff ( most of what we buy these days ) from the ports of entry to local warehouses and local retailer shelves of items like building materials , tools , and every thing else we buy the shelves will be empty in a month or so .
Of course the above does not take into account that people driven by fear do n't riot and loot every thing in site in the first week .
If the attack should happen in the winter , no Natural gas from Canada to heat homes , or fire steam driven electrical generators .
Of course we could convert back to coal but it will take a couple of weeks to convert them to coal but then how do you get the coal from the mines to the power plants ??? With no Social Security or pension payments , Aid to Dependent Children and other government payments , food stamps , ( which are all checks and vouchers ) , and there are no banks to cash them , ( they got all wiped out in the New York financial destruction remember ) no body will accept them .
No the situation does n't look good from where I sit .
Oh we can work on the assumption that the Mullahs of Iran will be rational , ( but how rational are people who train and fund suicide bombers ) and a rational Kim Junk Ill ( who lets large numbers of his people starve to death every year so he can have nuclear weapons ) kidnaps Japanese Citizens to teach English , Kidnaps movie stars so he can have private performances etc .
Look at Kim Jung Ill behavior over the last decade or so any you will find that Hitler was a saint compared to Kim Junk Ill .
No it 's going to be a scary time for the next decade or so and the neo-chamberlins ( most of the leftist that most on this board ) ( you know prime minister chamberlin holding up his piece of paper containing an agreement from Herr Hitler with peace in our time ) , are not going to do one thing to keep this country safe .
By the way I consider , Kerry , Dean , Kennedy , Carl Levin , Lathey , Murry , Finestien , Boxer , ( Oh hell the whole Democratic party ) and members of the press as neo-chamberlins .
Well on to a happier note .
I have a job interview today for a permanent position that will pay 20 % more than my contracting does and will have benefits .
Contracting here in Oregon is going at $14.00 an hour at Intell , up to $20 an hour at other places .
Why should Hi tech firms pay more in the United States than they do in China or India ? Just heard yesterday that Hewlett Packard is shutting down its plant in Eugene , ( Thank you very much MS. Fiorina ) and SUN Micro systems is all but gone from Oregon .
Fortunately my interview is with a engineered to specification custom manufacturing facility .
- ISLAMABAD , April 25 ( Xinhua ) " No one would be allowed to live in Pakistan illegally and use its land for achieving their nefarious designs , " Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Friday .
Rashid Ahmed made the remarks when his attention was drawn to the recent visit by Afghan President Hamid Karzai , according to the Associated Press of Pakistan .
Rashid said that Pakistan has very good relations with the brotherly country of Afghanistan .
When asked to comment on the trans-national gas pipeline projects , he said , four countries including Qatar , Turkmenistan and Iran are deliberating upon the projects which will go a long way in strengthening the economies of the participating countries .
Earlier on Thursday , President Pervez Musharraf said Pakistan wants peace and stability in Afghanistan as it would be in " our interest .
" Pakistan , he said , would benefit immensely from stability in Afghanistan as its trade with Central Asian countries will take place through it .
Referring to al-Qaeda , Musharraf said that no non-Pakistani would be allowed to live in Pakistan without proper documents .
" We have to see if their cause is Islamic or in Pakistan 's interest they have their own political agenda they should not harm Pakistan 's interests .
" Two Americans who gave their lives to Operation Iraqi Freedom were buried at Arlington National Cemetery today .
Marine Lance Corporal Patrick Nixon was one of 17 killed in an ambush near Nasiriyah on March 23 .
He was 21 years old and the first Tennessean to die in the war .
And Idaho Air National Guardsman Major Gregory Stone was buried with honors at Arlington .
He died of injuries from a grenade attack by a fellow soldier .
And that is it for this special edition of INSIDE POLITICS .
I 'm Judy Woodruff .
We thank you for joining us .
and the pope will reportedly name a new head of the troubled Boston archdiocese this week .
Sean Patrick o'malley , the Bishop of Palm Beach , Florida , is expected to replace Cardinal Bernard Law .
That 's according to the National Catholic reporter .
Law stepped down in December amid charges of widespread child sexual abuse in the church .
10 .
Death of Arafat ( 2 ) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week , after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death .
What do you think caused his illness , and could it have been something malicious ( like poisoning ) ? What do you think of Israel 's policies surrounding Arafat 's illness and death ? Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat 's funeral ? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem ? Hello , th I 'm Marco from Illinois .
Hi , I 'm Mike from New Jersey .
New Jersey .
How are you doing , Mike ? Pretty good .
How 's it going ? Pretty good .
Pretty good .
So so what do you think ? Well , I 'm think - How about you start .
Yeah , okay , um , (( lot of question )) and , um , I I do n't think it was poisoning , even though I have n't read a lot of articles about it .
I think - He he was old .
I mean - Y he was old , yeah .
And and that I I did n't realize he was n't allowed to be buried in Jerusalem , which - Yeah , but a lot of that has to do with things that he 's done .
Yeah .
He 's I mean , like , you know , let 's i for for all he did in his later years , eh , Yasser Arafat was responsible for a good chunk of al you know , a lot of Israeli dying i you know .
He basically , eh , i I 'm completely torn on the whole thing .
I mean , on one hand I think it was kind of wrong that that you know , the ~ UN just kind of went in and said , hey , you know , guess what ? You know , we 're we 're you know , this is Israel now , state of Israel .
And basically what they did was they carved up the region and without any regard to , you know , tribal animosity really , is really what it boils down to , Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
um .
You know , then it th it was there , he had to try to maintain the status quo but they bred people like Yasser Arafat , I mean , if it if it was n't for the stupidity of the United Nations , people like Yasser Yara Arafat w probably would 've never even gotten off the ground , you know .
How how did the United Nations , uh , Arafat in power , or help ? Well , in other words eh , in other when after World War Two when they when basically the state of Israel was formed Mhm .
in f uh , nineteen forty eight , I think it was .
Yeah .
Um , you know , you e granted , you know , there were there were Jewish people already living there , but all the Jewish people started going there and they j basically just you know , they just took over .
And and Yeah .
in in a region where , uh , you know , y you know , we live in America .
It 's like coup you know , f our country 's a couple hundred years old , we got a couple of gripes going back to , you know , what , seventeen seventy six , Yeah .
there it goes , you know , thous it 's like the Hatfields and the McCoys .
They 're fi they do n't even know why they 're fighting anymore .
They just they hate each other and they 're always going to hate each other and it does n't matter who started it , but i you know , somebody eh , th somebody 's in always intent on winning .
And it 's and it 's it 's you know , a war of attrition .
Nobody wins .
It 's either , you know , you may kill me , but I 'm going to kill all of you before y you know what I mean ? It 's just i i it 's stupid .
The whole thing 's stupid .
And a guy like Yasser Arafat , Yeah .
Yeah .
he was a terrorist .
In in the sixties in the mid sixties an and and a you know , on into you know , through the mid eighties the guy was a terrorist .
So , let us let us not forget that when Israel was formed and they were , um , the the Israelis for not feeling like they had a legitimate right some of the land or that land was n't , um , rightfully theirs .
There were two very strong militant groups that were Israeli and they committed a lot of terrorist acts , Oh , the yeah , the Zionists .
Abso absolutely .
much Yeah .
So , I mean , i you know , uh , how we consider Arafat a terrorist , we also should consider that could 've been , in some ways , a reaction to some of the terrorism that was initially committed by the Israelis .
Absolutely .
I 'm not believe me , I 'm not I 'm not excusing anybody but for the purpose I I mean , the way I see it is you know , I guess for the purposes of the conversation th that they want to hear , Yeah .
y you got to kind of have to put that as y i it 's kind of like do if that 's the case , do two wrongs really make a right ? You know what I mean ? But if Arafat had n't been I do n't know if he 's directly been linked to Hamas ' acts , uh , but he was put in a pretty sticky situation having to negotiate the militants of Palestine the international leaders and if it if Hara Arafat had n't somehow appeased the Hamas groups or the Palestinian militants , then he would 've been kicked out , overthrown by by the Palestinians .
Oh , forget about kicked out or overthrown , he would 've been killed .
That 's-that 's how it works over there .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Exactly .
Well , it it 's not really Arafat as an individual , I think it 's just whatever leader is placed in the position of - He was he was basically I mean , I 've read I 've read articles an and and and stories that basically have linked him to the to the to the Munich massacre th you know , the Munich Olympic massacre th the Is the Israeli team .
It the the problem is what he did back way back when Uh-huh .
will f forever tarnish anything that he did in his later years .
Like like you said , bringing the groups together but the reason that he was able to bring them together is because he was once one of them .
A reminder , Jessica Lynch coming back to the United States within the hour .
Tonight , a special on the rescue of Jessica Lynch .
That 's at 8:30 p.m .
Eastern , 5:30 Pacific .
Well , after many trying months of defending Saddam Hussein , Ambassador Mohammed Aldouri finally said the game is over .
Now , his tenure at the United Nations is over , too .
Last night before leaving the United States , Aldouri said he hopes to see free elections in a free Iraq .
CNN 's Richard Roth has more on this once prominent frontman for the Iraqi regime .
The last time Iraqi 's U.N. ambassador addressed the Security Council , the U.S. ambassador walked out in protest .
What happened is that the Iraqi army up until now has not confronted the United States forces .
But now , it 's the Iraqi ambassador 's time to leave , the United States .
The game is over .
I hope that peace will prevail , and that the Iraqi people at the end of the day will have a peaceful life .
Mohammed Aldouri spent more years as a university professor than as a diplomat .
In New York , he briefed people interested in his country , recently a group of Lehigh University students .
But he never got comfortable in the media glare before and especially during the war .
You said you were n't ... ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) has happened with you ? Please , why did you come here ? Because we thought ... Tomorrow , I will see you in the U.N .
And at the U.N. , all ambassadors carry out their instructions whether they agree with them or not .
Well , I think that he had a very , very difficult task .
He defended the positions of his country with courage , I would say .
He 's a decent man , and I hope he finds a decent life representing a decent government .
Aldouri is a dear friend of mine .
Aldouri also drew support from opponents of the war a gift of paper cranes .
But on the eve of Aldouri 's departure , women representing the Daughters of the American Revolution passed by , wanting to let fly with something else .
If I had eggs , I would like to throw eggs at him .
U.N. diplomats do n't toss eggs , just nods .
Several months ago , the U.S. ambassador , John Negroponte , and the Iraqi ambassador almost locked eyes .
And forget about Kuwait .
Nothing .
Not one word ? Not one word , except a normal greeting of , " Hello , how are you ? " That was as close as residents of New York 's Upper East Side district got to know Aldouri , who kept a low profile , like many in the big city .
It 's a neighborhood you would n't expect the diplomatic post of an enemy government to turn up .
I am very thankful for the people of New York , for their generosity .
This is a very decent people .
I was really without talking about the problem in Iraq , I was really happy to be here in New York , within the people of New York .
Aldouri was worried most about the people of Iraq .
When I see , what I 've seen , what you see , my heart squeezes blood .
Aldouri was in better spirits as he departed for the airport with a final message .
I hope that the United States Army will leave Iraq soon , and we will have free election for a free government for a free future for Iraq and the people for Iraq .
This is my message to you , to the people of the United States .
The ambassador 's prime concern now : his family in Iraq .
One day he hopes to teach again back home .
Richard Roth , CNN , United Nations .
We 'll try to track his progress and see if he 's able to do that , Ambassador Aldouri .
Still ahead , looters cast about for new places to loot , and chaos is king in Baghdad .
We 'll have a report .
This is just a point of interest , I am not going to jail , and most certainly not in America and my interest lies in the American jail system .
I 've browsed around the internet and ca n't find the information I 'm after .
What 's the deal with parole ? If you get out on parole , what happens then , and how long does it last ? ( and , specifically , who takes you home once you get out of jail , or do you just get turfed out and expected to check in with your parole officer the next day ? ) .
And , again fairly specifically ( and I realise this is state specific , but I 'm kinda looking for a general answer here ) : if an eighteen year old gets caught selling marijuana to 12-14 year olds , and gets put away for , say , three years , is this the sort of deal where he 's likely to get parole , or just do the time and leave again ? Mark Erikson Getting out on parole is usually a reward for good behavior while serving time .
So you 're basically free , with the expectation that you will not leave the state ( assuming you 've been jailed by the state gov't ) and you have to check in with your parole officer on a regular basis ( I think they give you a schedule ) .
I * believe * you are also expected to get a job , housing , etc. and report this also .
In some cases you may be referred to a specific 'halfway' house for reintroduction into society , and provided with a simple job .
As for how long it lasts , I would say that it lasts for the rest of your sentence , but I 'm not sure about that .
Also , you can call someone to come pick you up when you leave , or call a taxi I guess .
Not just state-specific , judge ( jury ) - specific and case-specific .
For some reason , I ca n't recall if selling drugs to minors qualifies as a jury trial or what .
But these decisions are entirely up to the judge / jury , and the decision is usually made in regard to the character of the defendant .
This is all based on my experience in New York .
You have to provide a planned residence when you 're considered for parole , usually a relative or program of some kind .
It lasts as long as the rest of your sentence lasts .
You can go back to prison for violating the conditions of your parole , for a period of time up until your sentence runs out .
Parole is not a right and its granting is discretionary .
Kate Nepveu E-mail : knep ... @ steelypips.org Home : Book log : [ ... ] Indeed , New York 's statute says , " Discretionary release on parole shall not be granted merely as a reward for good conduct or efficient performance of duties while confined but after considering if there is a reasonable probability that , if such inmate is released , he will live and remain at liberty without violating the law , and that his release is not incompatible with the welfare of society and will not so deprecate the seriousness of his crime as to undermine respect for law .
" N.Y. Executive Law 259-i ( 2 ) ( c ) ( A ) .
( Instead , there are ways of getting your parole eligibility date moved up for good behavior , or of creating strong presumptions in favor of parole release .
) - One of the factors for the standard Kate mentioned is whether the inmate has rehabilitated himself .
Rehabilitation is one of the major goals of prison. - Rich LONDON , May 8 ( AFP ) British bank Barclays announced on Thursday it had agreed to buy Spanish rival Banco Zaragozano for 1.14 billion euros ( 1.29 billion dollars ) in cash .
" The combination of the banking operations of Barclays Spain and Zaragozano will bring together two complementary businesses , creating a nationwide distribution platform , trebling the existing Barclays branch network and trebling its existing customer base , " Barclays said in a statement .
" The acquisition of Banco Zaragozano builds on our existing business creating the sixth largest private sector banking group in Spain " by assets , added Jacobo Gonzalez-Robatto , chief executive of Barclays Spain .
" It provides a platform for us to intensify and strengthen our competitive position in the Spanish banking market , to the advantage of our customers , employees and shareholders .
" The members of the board of Zaragozano have voted in favour of the transaction and have committed to sell their shares to Barclays .
Shareholders , including board members , owning 54 percent of the ordinary share capital of Zaragozano have given irrevocable commitments to accept the offer .
The takeover , which is subject to approval by 75.01 percent of Zaragozano shareholders , is expected to be completed in July .
